Speaker A: Yo, what up? Okay, I just want to say one thing real quick. So. Zcash. Oh, man. What the fuck? Zcash is one of the privacy tokens. It's now number 14 market cap. It's pretty intense. I don't own any Zcash, but I've been watching it. It went from this last. So let's see, what was this Monday, September 27th? Zcash was priced at 50 bucks today, 533. Jesus Christ. I'm telling you, the privacy tokens, the only things moving right now for a couple weeks now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, my fucking crows. Fucking abysmal right now. Which is low key. You need some money. That's how I'm feeling right now. But these, These privacy tokens that are literally just to trade, right? Like, they don't do utility except anonymity. And they. Yeah, 10x plus 11x in. In a month. So it's interesting. Anyways, and it's number 14 on market cap now. It's about to enter the top 10. So that's. That's fucking wild. But okay, so that's irrelevant because we're both poor. So. So. And our conversation. Our conversation isn't really going to have anything to do with not being poor. It's gonna have to do with our time and no money. So let's do it. I had a little list of things I thought. Yeah. Yesterday. Right. Well, we need to know about the Sojourners, right? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. We're waiting for that. Fill in blank info. Yeah. And then. So that's just on the burner, but I was thinking I'm gonna give them a little bit of time and then I'm just gonna start blowing them up and calling them. Because more specifically, you got the other candle crew members of like, is this thing even happening? We don't even got information. Right. Well, they do now, but. Right. Yeah. No, I messaged home. Blown. I sent the. The cherry bomb. I sent the. The group text and then I put it in the discord and I added everybody. That's all. That's good. So if these people don't know by now, what we need to do is we need to just be harassing. And I started sending the Imrans. Okay, we need to be hitting everybody because. And just whatever. Because it's free. It's all free. So it's like there's no. There's no, you know. Oh, they're just trying to get me outside to do it. I didn't get my money. Blah, blah, blah, blah. There's none of that. It's like nothing, bro. Come on, bring a toy. Yeah, right. Bring a. Yeah, right. Bring a toy. But come on, man, this is Walgreens. We're any boy to give somebody for Christmas. You ain't got to do that. You Scrooge. Yeah, yeah. This is advertised, man. This is a Christmas party. Even Scrooge can get behind. I gotta do. And I can show up and still get free. Hey, Exactly. So what do we need to get done today? We start of the weekend after work on our official advertisement stuff that we're going to be putting out. Like marketing. Yeah. Okay. And we should. And I, I think we should start the marketing full swing tomorrow. And then I even got some loot that I'll throw down. And we do pay that or something. Or at least not do the paid ad tomorrow. But we got it. You know the gears blowing for it. Like, hey, we're gonna do it this, this and this. We're gonna do it two weeks before the show. Da da da da. We're gonna put this much money on it. Like all the P's and q's for the paid act. Got it? But the generic ads, whatever. Now I gotta start making up kind of kickback memes. And you know what I'm saying? Make. Maybe we can. Because I remember when I was a not a kid, but I remember back in the day I watched this one documentary and it's like, what is mushrooms, reindeer and Santa Claus have on common kind of deal. And then they talked about how the only reason why we got flying reindeer is because we used to drink fucking reindeer piss that had mushrooms in it kind of deal. So I was thinking. I know I went on a long winded tangent. Some sort of Christmas cannabis specific PBS AI thing we could potentially work on. We don't got to do a lot of them because we don't have a lot of time. Right. So it could be really hyper focused and a lot of effort put into it. And we maybe make like one, maybe two. What if we make a fake? Okay, now don't be afraid to shoot me down. Fake documentary about the can of kickback with the AI videos. I was gonna say a fake documentary about can of Claus. Oh, I like that. And then this is more of like what kind of Claus is doing again. He found the can crew and the can crew is kind of like the elves. You know what I'm saying? And yeah. Or something along the lines of that. Right. Like his origin. Right. Just to make it less associative to specifically be about Us, you know, and then us just being one of those fun little. Because, you know, maybe somebody else uses can of claws, you know, maybe can Claus. You know, we're not the only people that use can of claws. Right, right. So because it's not necessarily directly attached to us, you know, potentially somebody else can run with it. Right. But yeah, no, I like the things AI documentary thing. I was thinking like almost like elf. Like, you know, the. Like, like the story. He writes an elf. Oh, yeah. Oh, he went to the Thumb Drop Lane and made it to the. Yeah. New York Brooklyn Bridge. Yeah. The Lincoln Tunnel. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like you're sitting there in this fantasy world and like, damn, you're in New York. Yeah. Right. But they're still talking about it like it's some sort of fantasy world. And we went and saw the Green Apple or the Big Apple. Exactly. Like some James and the Giant Peach kind of shit. Yep. But like, funny, full of weed innuendo. Right. Never explicit weed, weed innuendo. Right. They're always happy, but we don't know why they're happy. Yeah. I don't know. And then one of Santa's OG skunk elves made some cookies and Santa missed Christmas Eve or whatever. Yeah. All right. And then. Or we can be like Candle Claus originally used flying skunks. Whatever. Everybody smelt him coming, right? Oh, yeah. Something. But yeah, now we're in fucking major moves for the can of cake back right now and then. So marketing as far. So we're talking about this fake can it clause thing that we could potentially bust out periodically or whatever, but we could. Oh, as far as marketing goes, like, what types of things are we trying to exemplify? Like we need to have, you know, here. Hold on one second, one second. Oh, yeah, hold on. Dom's calling me. Maybe I should put him in. Let me see what he's saying. I'm gonna try to. Maybe I'll merge. Yo, yo, what up? Just got off the phone with the guy. So couple things. First and foremost, I mean, it's just a straight up breakdown. We got about a thousand dollar bill if we want to keep the trademark. He couldn't give me any information on who was trying to get the trademark or if they were actually willing to move forward with paying all these amounts. Right. To trademark Trafford in. But he did say that if they do move forward, whoever it is, and buy the trademark, that they can, they will most likely cease and assist us. Because that's what usually happens when a trademark changes hands into a new business. The Standard way to handle it is to cease and desist. Everybody that was on the trademark before that's registered with the patent office. He wouldn't tell you what category they were trying to get into. He did not. He did not. He couldn't give me any information on their application, but he told me that it was not in the food category. Okay, so somebody is now. I told him so apparently there was a fee and a piece of paperwork that we didn't finish initially and it was 325 or something. When I was looking at it was six. But okay, well, so here. So there's 325 for something, some type of paperwork, and then there's another 325 for something else. Okay, so that's probably what you were saying. To change it from food category to clothing is 350 plus 325 and 325 and 325 and 325 and another 50 if we want their attorneys to submit the application and handle everything. Now, does this guy work for the patent office? Is he like a third party guy? No, he's patent office. He works with that office. Okay, now let me can. We should like verify that. So. True, true. And I also was kind of concerned about this whole thing being a ruse to like, I don't know, are, you know. Because the US Is really cracking down on taxes and shit. Right. So what I'm trying to is this is one of those fake to be like, oh, you said on the phone call you've been doing business since 20. Yeah, you know, so I kind of low key. So this is where I met. He did say that. He did say so. He did say that our merch is in danger of being. Cease and desisted. Yeah. Which is like. That's okay, that's. That is consistent with a scam. Yeah. Now, but here's. Here's where. Here's where the kind of for me was kind of like, I don't know. Yeah, I was kind of sketch. But I also was like, all right. Because he went into a whole spiel about how he had a client that got ceased and assisted by Facebook because they had the word book in their name. And apparently Facebook has a fucking. Facebook has a trademark on the word book. So at any point, if you use the word book in your name of your business and trip and Facebook thinks that you're fucking moving in on their shit, they can cease and assist you and sue you. So he said if this dude goes through or whoever this is goes through and does The Trapper, he can cease and assist us on the merch potentially, but because it's not. Because the two categories are. I can't remember the other one, but confusion. Like if our. If they. If whoever the Trapper Dan people are say, well, they're selling those Trapper shirts and it's causing confusion because people think they're still the Trapper Dan. We could get cease and desisted for that. So, like. So it's an issue. It's an issue for Trapper. There's. I don't. I don't think it's. It's real. Well, if it's real, it's real. But yeah, if it's real, it's real. It's a real threat. I don't necessarily believe in spending a thousand dollars right now. I also have an inclination in my mind and heart who it is. I think it's Santana. And the reason is, is a couple weeks ago he asked me. He's like, man, I really like to trap a dance, man. What are you guys doing with that? Do you guys got a trademark? And I go, yeah, yeah, we got the trademark. Freaky. Got all that shit handled. You know, it could have happened. He could have put in. He could have done his research, but then done something that was like the request. Yeah, yeah. And now they're trying to figure out what's going on with us to see if they can make that sale. So. So, so even if it is a real thing from the department, it may. And it may be somebody that wants Trapper Dan. It may just be the homie being nosy and lame. Yeah. So, I mean, there may. There may be no threat at all. Right. So I just sent you what Perplexity said. I screenshot that guy, that email, which I should have done a long time ago, but. And then with his address, and they said that the patent office will not send from the address that he sent from there. It's not an official US government or USPTO demand. Legitimate USPTO emails always come from USPTO.gov, never from domains like.online or.support. okay. He's only refers to a location of team record and scheduling call. If it never does by email. Yeah. Did he. Was he ever, like, you pay me right now? He. He said. He did say that if you want to, we could do the $50 application right now for his team. Yeah, I think it's a scam. I think it's a scam. I just got scammed yesterday, so I think it's a scam. Yeah, I had 40 USDT on my MetaMask and I was like, you know, I'll make a move because I see it's something I like and I'm gonna go for it. And I went on the Simple Swap to swap it out. And then it turns out instead of simple swap the IO, I was on simple swap LTD. And so I lost my 40 USDT. Oh yeah. I mean 40 bucks. So like jump off a building. But it's still pretty lit. Right. I'm gonna tell you when you file an LLC in Arizona, everything. And it happens everywhere because my dad did one in Florida and the same thing happened. Someone sends you a letter in the mail that says you need to get your license printed, it's a requirement, blah, blah, blah, send us $50 and we'll send you your thing. And it's like some official looking deal and it's completely unnecessary. They just have the information that you're a new llc and so they try to get you one time. Yeah. Right. And then so they. Yeah, they probably just have damn fucking all that. As soon as your phone number gets registered, they probably fucking have the guy who sends the numbers and fuck it. I bet that's why it's only 50 bucks. Right. Because that's like, that's big net. I'm gonna hit 10,000 people today. Bucks. See what happens. Right. And it's all email. So like how much of that is automated? Yeah, no. Ask you for 50 bucks, right. And I'm like, so. So we're out. We're out on the thousand dollars and all that. Right? Yeah. Like we're not even trying to see if this is real. Even if it was real, I'd say we just ride the lightning. Especially with the conversations we've been having. Yeah. Okay. Because of the same tendency. Yeah. Because any worst case scenario. Now don't get me wrong, I do not want to lose the opportunity to make and sell the Trapper shirts. Sure. Like, right. Like the idea, like even when the idea came to me right now that it's like, hey, this might be able to beat Season Assist, that bothered me. Yeah. Because although it is a not my original design, I really like that design and I really like the associate, you know, I like that. Yeah. So I mean, it's been our ship for a minute. Yeah. And so I kind of worried about that. But I mean I'm not necessarily, I'm not necessarily so worried that. And I mean if it came down to it, we just don't. Maybe I just don't sell the shirts and we just make them for ourselves or whatever and we just rock them. But. Well, I think that like the season to fifth thing, like we would use that as marketing until like the wheels fell off and then we're like, you know. Right. Because that was a pretty good hefty response to the email post yesterday. Yeah, I believe. I know some fucking, you know, people fucking with it. So. But okay, well, we'll leave it alone. I told him to call me tomorrow at 9. I'm gonna tell them that we're just gonna let it go. And if we gotta. And if it does come down, it's somebody that's not Santana. If it is Trapper Dan, the Trapper Dan guy. And he wants his, you know, like the fur trapper dude. Yeah, yeah, the third Trapper guy. Right. Like, it might be him, you know, so. So I mean, he might get it and say these guys and cease the out of us. Right. It also might be nobody and they might just hit everybody that's got a pending thing or something. Right. True, true. So it might be. It sounds like a money grab for show. All right, well then. Well then I'll stop. I ain't gonna with it. I'll tell them tomorrow. We'll let it go and then we'll just let it be what it is, whatever it is. Yeah. And then what are you doing today? Some stuff, but I'm kind of at my house. What's up? Okay. I was. I was actually. Oh, what's up? Sorry. Oh, no, I was gonna say me and sleeper hitting high lounge for the Broncos Raiders game tonight. Oh, all right. Well, I might. I might be able to do that. Yeah. So we're gonna slide over there. It starts at like six and it's like a three hour, you know. Yeah. Game. So we'll be over there for a while. But what was I about to say? But yeah, so I don't know if you want to slide too. And then tomorrow. I got a full day tomorrow, but I should be off at like after Ken gets off at like 3. So then Isaac's coming into town today till Monday. Okay. So I guess he wants to go here. They. I guess there's a hop tomorrow in Peoria that he wants to go to. Okay. He's tapped in. Huh. Right. And I couldn't even find the hop. A lot of organs looking around. And it's tomorrow. Okay, so you're gonna go do that with the drones type thing. So I was saying Saturday I'll be doing some drone shit. Yep. But. So I don't know if you wanted to around might be down right now. We were talking kickback marketing. If you want me to merge, I don't know if you're busy. No, I'm not busy. Yeah, you merch. All right, let me merge right now at nine. At nine. I'll have to. Well, let me see how many leads at night. I may have to jump off for, like, five minutes. I don't think it'll take that long. All right, let's see now. So I can handle Bear. All right, we're back. So, oh, if you didn't know, Gilbert someone. We got an email the other day that was talking about Chopper Dan trademark, that somebody was trying to get it because we only ever. We never got all the way to the finish line on that. So then someone was like, oh, they're trying to take your trademark and Whoopi Wap. But we've kind of determined it's a scam, so to me. All right, all right. Well, we were talking marketing of the kickback here. Harm, I just made a thing that was gonna have a bunch of questions. So what's the single most important goal of this year's kickback? Collecting toys. Total toy toy. Total. Okay, well, and then what's the secondary goals or what secondary goals matter? I tell. I'd say community growth, and I kind of want to say, like, almost like, reestablish legitimacy, because, like, think about it. For a lot of these people, last time they fucking saw us was kickback last year. Right. And then I think sell food will be a nice secondary goal. Yep. All right. Anything else? I like those. Have a good time. Hey, there you go. I like that one. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a good one. That could be, like, in between the two. I almost is, like, up there with it. But the toys. Okay, who's our core audience this year? The local community. Local community. The smokers. Right. And then, like, East Valley kind of deal. This has a suggestion for dispensary crowd. We've never really done that. And if we're, like, saying it's free, I don't know how we make that a thing. Unless we, like, just go in there and be like, yeah, the Bud Tenders. You get extra gift. You get extra gift. We just, like, give them another bag of weed or something. I don't know. Well, I definitely think maybe hitting up some dispensaries and talking to workers. Right? And, like, I mean, if we get them excited about it, they can get people excited about it type of thing. What do you think? I. I'm not mad at that. Oh yeah, no, I'm liking the whole if we can get the fucking foot soldiers activated type deal. Like, well, so what they do a lot of times that almost seems to be going into the fucking advertising strategy. Right, right. So then what, what would we do? Because like they'll be like. What I see a lot with the events is that they'll. And obviously we don't have to do this and we can't really. They'll be like it's 15 bucks to get in and. But FA card holders are free, right? The dispensary agents are free to get, get in for. But we're already kind of there. So like. Right. I don't know what we do to extra incentivize or if it's more just making them like do we tell them they get something extra when they get there with their id like everybody's in free. But like I was thinking like VIP in the line for dads or is there something we can see? That's why I was thinking a little extra weed maybe because we'll have a lot and we could just section off them. Or maybe it'd be nice to do something that cost us money though, their dispensary card or something like that. So we know because all the people that work at this place, they got a car. But what are we, what are we giving them though? Like a trapper shirt or a weed or a high five. Like an extra joint. Like what makes it work, Gilbert? A back rubber. You know what, we can put some at the Chinese restaurant. Oh, it's a long one. Oh, it's a long one. Massage part Asian fusion. Right. Because everybody's coming up and having to come to the smoke booth thing kind of deal to get all their supplies. We could potentially have like a little pre made kit, you know, got a little bit of weed, got a little bit of wax in there, got some rolling papers kind of deal. Got a white labeled lighter in there like a little kid. And then we could do some urgency. Like first 15 workers get a whoopi wamp or something. Right, right, right, right. Like a, maybe it's some Chinese handpike or something, you know what I'm saying? Or the, or the. Maybe there's like a raffle part that's for them. They like come and show me a deal and then like one of them is just gonna win a box. Yeah, I like all that. Or, or because, and this, this would cost us more though. But like it doesn't have to cost us a lot but no, I think it would be. Well, except they have dress codes at some of these places, so maybe it wouldn't work. But I was thinking like to get them Trapper Swag so they could wear in the store. But. Yeah, but it's for us and we don't know if they can like, Ben can't wear Trapper Swag. So this is what I'm thinking. Hear me out first. Five people, the RSVP or whatever come in, they get a half ounce weed, a T shirt, and the T shirt will be like, yo, I went to the candy cake back and all I got was a fat bag of weed. Well, I'm not mad at that shirt in general. Is that for dispensary people or is that for anybody? Well, I was thinking for anybody, but. Or the dispensary people, just depending on how we wanted to make that. Well, what if we did hats with an essential? Is that too? Because it's cheaper and easier. No, I'm not mad. Yeah, that's where. And that's what I was gonna. Waiting to say is from our conversations with the two skunks that are at jugs. They said they have for sure cannot wear dress code. Dress code. Yeah, dress code. Yeah. And so I guess if we were gonna do half food, I'd get clarification first if that's even. But the hat thing I like. Although I did when I asked Ben about the hat, because I said the same thing. Yeah. He said it's. It's no merch. That's not now that's chubs. That's a national brand. Who knows? It could differ. We do know the one ditch that might have enemy of my enemy thing going on with Maggie, the one that fired me from Zong. And he was working a dispensary when you did the install, right? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I mean. We might have it. That place that was in the East Valley, right? That was. That was. What was that? Oh, it was like abundant or No, I. Damn. I can't even remember what it was called, but it was something on like Ellsworth. Stop softening it. Ellsworth. Yeah. And like Southern Broadway. Yeah. True bliss or something like that. Or abundant Organic. I don't know. And then real quick, pinata. We got to figure out what do we want to do for the pinata. And then we got two pinatas, right? Homies got a spinata. And then we got the one classic beat them up pinata. Okay. No, Yeah. I thought we decided a weed leaf and Then there was another. Another thing we chose. And then the spinata we were gonna do right when the other one got cracked. Yeah. Or we were gonna. Yeah, we'll just do it. We'll just do a fat ass spot leave and the spinata. Okay. That was the two things. The spinata and the pinata. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So. And then we're just gonna get like a fat ass. We can get a Santa Claus with a joint in his mouth or something like that. But there was something else that we. Yeah, something like that. Like something like. Because we had the one last year. But we. We had talked about something that was. No, we talked about like an ornament or something. Because we talked about it being big and wide. Big and. Yeah. So it breaks even. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So we'll just do it. So hear me out. We'll just get a giant ornament with. And be like, yo, put pot leaves and weed beams and like that all over it. Okay, okay. All right. How do we want people to feel when they see our content? They want to feel like they need to go because they're gonna get really lit. I want them to feel like there's never anything that goes on out here like this. That this is unique and that if they miss it, they might miss something. Yeah, I like that because it's out here in the east side and nobody really does out here. Why am we. We're getting the population like all these houses and are going up and like this shit's getting fuller and fuller out here. So like it's. Yeah. And think about it. It's a lot of those people. Let's just say some of. A lot of big amount of those people are from California. They're probably like, what the, man? There's never any weed things going on out here. Yeah. Where do we at? People at the golf resort are always like that. When I was driving them around there, should we be thinking. Right. I think for sure. Well. Because there ain't nothing out there for them anyways. Right. So it's like people that are accustomed to travel, like the rural commute. Right. They're accustomed to driving into town once or twice a week. So like 30 around even going as far as Florence. I. Yeah. All that rural. Anything globe superior. What's. All right. Right. What's our time for? Like, literally we just time like 25 minute drive and just have AI tell us every neighborhood that's a 25 minute drive. And give me all the zip codes and then we can target AD. Yeah. I think we even Go super ham. And we're like. Like it's like a series of parallel ads. Right. And maybe it's lower spends on each one but it's like specific to like there ain't nothing out here. You got. Oh no. I just. Yo, we need AI to tell us what are. What are good search terms that people would use. You know what I mean? Like our demographics type of thing. Like use it to. And then we kill it with that. The targeting ads. Yeah, I like it. So okay, so we move on to the next one is timeline and milestones and we may not have real information for this or some of the stuff but what are our key dates for box placement? We're trying to get box placements out starting immediately. Box pickups, we're low key. We should be thinking about pickups right before the kickback and then if we're going to extend it to the Sojourners pickup date. Right. Then we'd have to pick up again before that. Right. And but we gotta get. So like hell or high water we're gonna get a hold of search owners today and see when their date is. But. Or we could just pick one that we know won't be too close to Christmas. Right. Like right. Like seven days before or something. But okay. Ended at the 10th or the 12th or whatever. So key dates, content drops. We don't really have that. Right. But we know we want to be. I don't know you guys like is there anything we don't really have specific that we want like we don't have specific outlined to have specific drop date I guess but like in general like I don't know because me I'm like oh we just need to be post rba. But then like that's a really help. Well what are we posting? Here's two questions that kind of go in tandem that are associated with this. So how often should we post or update about the toy drive and do we want to run countdowns or weekly progress updates? We've raised X amount so far. Probably not the updates. Right. Because we don't really. Unless we. Because that means we'd have to go collect from the countdown is seems like an easy to do. You know like T minus this many more days. Come on. Right. I like I don't necessarily like the what we raised so far because that would mean we have constant updates from all the box locations which that is a lot. Yeah that's. That's unrealistic. Yeah but I do like that. I do like countdowns. I mean I think I Think builds urgency. And I think it just is a constant. Not. I mean, if it's not that it has to be every day, but it could be pretty regular every two to three days. And I think it just kind of keeps people in the loop of what's going on. Because, I mean, when I see an event, I'm like, oh, that'll be dope. When is that? Oh, November 17th. Okay. Okay, I'll remember it. But I never do. Also, if. If we get our stuff together, we should potentially be like live streaming. And then people like, are anticipating the countdown and then. No, at the whole 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 kind of. And then everybody gets to see the party take place. I like, I like the post in the morning with just like maybe the number. And it's just like every day they wake up and they're like five and it's like, holy. What if we did. Yeah, we get creative. Sometimes it's like the count. Yeah, yeah. Or sometimes it's AI to pick random characters to count down the number. Well, I think there's probably. You can do movie characters, like we have like Shaggy. Count on numbers. It could just be totally. Whatever. Just the culture. Whatever is in the culture. Yeah. All right. I wanna. And we should do a picture of them. How many members are in the. In the Shaggy. The whole group. We should have them hot boxing inside the mystery van and like everybody holding up a thigh or something. Or you know, figs. Oh yeah. Or like somebody does an Olympic thing and then they scoreboard. Because we can look, we can literally because we got AI So we definitely want to use AI to our capacity. Like go all out. Right. Like as much as possible. Sure. Like, why not? So it doesn't necessarily have to be. And the good thing is, like, even like some of the simple. You know, we could potentially have the AI do or something. Okay. We'll have AI smoke a turkey and they'll be side by side with me and we'll be like, who did it better? Cuz they're doing fun. They're doing pranks now where they take pictures of people in the store and then they do AI videos and then walk up to them and they're like, is this you, ma'? Am? And screaming. Yeah, yeah. It's the ones where they do like, they're like, hey, honey, did you send a plumber over here? You send a new maid? And then she's like, what? No. Yeah, this new mate. I felt good. She's good. And it's like some French maid kind of thing. They had One in the couch or something like that. Or vacuum means a stealing, you know. They walked up to this dude and they were like, hey, have you seen this lady? We're trying to kick her out of the store. He's like, lady in red and black. And he's like, I haven't seen the lady in red and black. And he's like, really? Cuz this video shows you guys talking and then they were talking and then they kissed, but his wife was right there with them. And he's like, no, that's somebody who has the same shirt. She's like, no, that's clearly you. But yeah, that could be funny. As I was just saying that we do some. Do some funny smoking countdown, right? Yeah. Shaggy fan. Five days to the king back. Yeah. All right, so I got no collaborations and sponsors. Which dispensary shops or partners are confirmed? Not any. None confirmed so far. Who's responsible for getting new partners on board? I suspected this would be the quietest part of the conversation. Out to hella people. Yeah, I know. Well, we got the Greek glasses sending something to me. Any updates on that? I guess maybe they are. Yeah. When should we reach out to them before it's like, you know, probably soon. Right now I would say we're a month out. We're a month out. I would say. Hey, just touching base. Wanted to know, you know, just touching base with you. Just wanted to know if we can solid. You know, I don't even know what to say because. Well, let me look at. Let me look at what you guys talk about. Oh yeah, I'm not in the new phone. I'm not in mechanical Instagram. Ah, yeah, I can. If I put in the. Well, anyways. Yeah, we should probably hit them pretty soon though. Yeah. Double check with them. All right. We gotta exchange shirts for some or. Well, we already sent them box. So we just gotta ask them for some unrelated to the shirts and see if they just compass. Because we just hooked them up, right? Yeah, just hit them up. Be like, yo, it's that time of year again. What kind of glass you got? No, I think we go and we tell them. We be a little more specific. I'm like, yo, Bong Pong is the dope. We tried to. I. I think I even tell them, you know, we tried to. We. We always lose when we do the ring toss. We always lose all the pieces so quick. So we tried to gate it last time and put it like, make people pay a dollar to play or whatever. Just to try to let them last. And it Kind of backfired. So we're gonna do it for free again, right? Is the plan like how we did when he came out, because those were the leftover bongs from that. And then all of those bongs were. Went away, right? Because it was free. So, like, that's what we're gonna do again. So we want to know if they want to be in on that. And then also we're trying to do these gift boxes for people that come and donate toys, and we wanted to put some bones in there. And we also wanted people smoking out of the bong so we could get some good content for them and give it to them for them to use or for us to use with them or whatever. And so we were thinking, you know, I don't know what you got, but we were thinking maybe something like 30 bones, right? 10 for this, 10 for that, 10 for this. And then. And we'll just see what they say. Okay. Is there any other kind of random bond companies that we can hit up? I think we try to go as we either look at what our people are with. So I would ask Bong Blazer because, like, there's always these random companies that are hitting him up and trying to do stuff, right? So like, we use that to find those people, right? Maybe some randos, but I think we go through all the people we have contact with. So, like, anybody that was Arizona that we interviewed, Cherry Bomb says she was down to do some stuff. That's proof of concept right there. So the one person that we interviewed that we hit up said yes. So we should find all those other people, like that dude from Prescott, the other dudes from Tucson. Well, I hit up with one of those, that Brian dude, and he looked at it and didn't even bother. Yeah, he's. He's big time, though. So that was a long shot. But if we could get, you know, now if we get a couple of the smaller time people like Cherry Bomb or whomever, and then we're like putting it out there and doing like the collaborations with them, then the Ask on Brian Jacobs becomes a little easier, right? Because now we have legitimacy and like, you know, his peers are in our shit, right? And then once everyone. Because here's the thing too, when you just cold hit somebody up and it's someone like that who's never probably even heard of the kickback and probably doesn't even maybe remembers us, right? You know, Right. Once we get it out there and there's people that they know that are fucking with it and then we're like, yo, it's just a toy drive and it's free to come. Like, oh, these guys aren't like just trying to grift me. This is cool. And my people are involved. I'm down. Yeah. And we need to do it immediately. Really is we need to watch the glass section of every booth, every product, hit up every single one of those people. Right. Not mad at it. I think it is tougher on people who have to ship though. Well, because I. I just know for a fact that when we were talking about the can of kickback with those there was. Yeah, there was excitement. Right, yeah, no, I get that. So all right. Are we offering any incentives for the collaborations or sponsors? Not so much. Right. Like we want them to offer incentives for toy drive because they're charitable, kind hearted people. Well, their incentive is that they're able to set up booth but it's first come first serve. Okay, well. And we want them to give away pre rolls for toys at their dispense. Yeah. Advertise. There's also like a limited space so the sooner you participate the better. Yeah. What are we thinking? We can fit 10 a dozen. 8. How many vendors we want in there? 10 seems like a reasonable number. Not too many, not too little. I think, I think we could easily on the patio area. Yeah. Fit in tent. And then if there's overflow on that, we just put them out on that far side in the dirt. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like there's no reason for us to not add. Especially if some of them are going to be smoking booths. Potentially. Yeah. And if more people are trying to give us stuff for gift boxes then around and, and if it's not we're not taxing the vendors, then it doesn't really matter if it's like 80 people and their vendors. Right, right. Like there won't be any. Yeah. I don't know. But they all get hungry. I'm thinking. So what content do we owe to each partner? Like if we recruited someone to be a partner or sponsor, what are we going to try to give them? Photo, photos, Tags. Videos. Repost what? Exposure to a potentially untapped community. Like we got this spot that. Yeah, what is it over here? You mean like just the booth or is there other. Right, like the fact that we'd be advertising to all these people in Gold Canyon type deal. Okay, you mean Gold Canyon like when we're there in person? Because I'm thinking more online. I think the online is way more valuable than the in person for these people because like A hundred people in Gold Canyon. Like how. If your dispensary is close, okay, that could be cool. But, you know, there's only three of them out there. And then, I don't know. I think in person is very limited unless we're doing something there, which is on them, I think, or unless we capture content of them while we're there. Like, we have some kind of plan for that. Like every booth, every product, so to speak, kind of deal. Like some kind of content plan while they're there. Otherwise, all the value is going to be online. Right. In some kind of marketing capacity, either before or after. So, like, I don't know if we want to define that so that when we come to them, we have specific, tangible things that we're promising. Right. It's a lot easier than just opening it. Yeah, we'll shout you out. Right, Right. So, like, they may or may not want to do collaboration posts, but we could do. I mean, I don't know. So that's something to think about, I think. Like, if there's content types that we have that we. We could apply to them, that would benefit them, that would be fit in with our thing, I guess. I don't know. Right. But I think that's. Well, both. And. Well, what do we want to commit to? Because the real question is, what are we gonna do? What are we. I mean, we could make all the plans in the world, but what do we all want to commit to on the content side? Because there's been talk of podcasts. I mean, obviously post, but are we talking specific to these, what we would deliver to a sponsor, or are we talking just in general? I was talking well. I was talking. Well, to be able to offer something that's valid, we got to know what we're willing to do, I think. So that's kind of where I was looking at it at an angle from, like. Because are we gonna post once every other day or for. Because it's about a month from today. Right. The 6th of November. So, I mean, that's 15 posts. If we do one every other day or 30 posts. I like 15. And then anything else is sprinkled in. There's extra and sprinkled in. But we could, like, plan 15 posts potentially. But I. Yeah, okay. I mean, every other day, too, because then that means, like, one, we're hitting Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and the next week we're hitting Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday. I think we do two rotations of that. I think it's smooth. I think that looks. I think that's nice. So then here's the thing about that. If we're doing 15 plan pieces of content then, and we're aiming for 10 vendors, SL sponsor types, then we can't really, really. We're not committing to a post for each one because then I think that's a sprinkle. Like, remember that year we remember the year we do it every time we got a vendor, we just like made a post and announced it. So like the post on our social medias, if we plan two podcasts before then, like two, two hour, three hour protests, we could potentially have them on the speak for 15 minutes, 30 minutes, smoking, smoke and chill. Right. I mean, it might be pretty cool to like, let's say we have whoever that smokes and they hop on and do a session with us and they're in there interacting in the discord and all that. Like we, we have like, there's a whole lot we can introduce to new people, but there's also the rekindling of our existing funnels, I think is a goal. Like. Right, Yeah, I want to get all this activity. No, you're right. But we need to think about what that is we want to do. Like you were saying before, what is it that we're trying to reactivate? I guess also we could pull up on them like, if especially like the vendor types, but probably more than the dispensary types. Like they might be out at an event before the kickback. We pull up on them and be like, oh, look at this. That whoopy W. You could see him at the whoopy do. Yeah, I think. Who. So let me ask you this. Who do we do We s. Greg on the. Well, we can't really because he's out of town for the next two weeks. I was gonna say, do we. What do we sick on the dispensaries in the area to walk in there and try to get them to sponsor to do something like, hey, I need to speak with your manager who does. Do you guys do events? We also need to think about doing table events, like pop up events at the dispenser at the dispensaries in the area. Right. That dude's super busy, but he's also like well connected. Who? Bong Blazer. Oh, yeah. Well, he works every day from like three to five or whatever. Right, right. Four days a week. So yeah, what do we. What. So what do we, what do. What do we feel about getting. I mean it, I mean, Bong Blazers in the discord hack. And that's what. What's going On. It would not be very hard to get him involved in my conversation like this. So, I mean, we just gota gotta ad him, gotta get, you know, D1. These guys are constantly on the streets. Yeah, I think, I think he's a good one for sure. Him and Bong Glazer are both good candidates for this. And. And they're both biting at the bit too, like. Yeah. Yep. Right. And then Diwan, he told me about one event that's going on and then also I got set up on another event on the 21st, I want to say. Okay. And that's at Nirvana or in Phoenix on 7th Street. Okay. Okay. So we want to. With all that. What content? Okay, we did that. Do we want all partners to use the same flyer template? Custom ones? I don't fuck that question. So content and creative direction. What kind of content performs best for our audience? Reels, carousel stories, lives, memes, etc. I don't know, little funny videos, all of it. So yeah, comedy, comedy and matter of fact type. Right, Like. Like, I think like realism. Right. Kind of comedy realism. Like real life comedy. Like things that are funny in real life. Like. Well, except the AI. I mean, like the shag. Are you talking about character? I'm talking about. Are you talking about. Oh, okay. Well, no, I'm saying what, what? It's more like what types of content are. Are people with. And then that way we can kind of tailor the marketing message. We can actually look that up on Instagram. Oh, right, right, right, right. Yeah. Using that one tool. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. You're right. Okay, so who felt this is. These are just questions that the robots had. Who's filming, editing or. I'm posting group effort. I think, I think group effort. I can help with the AI stuff. I got some AI capabilities now. I don't have access to the account, but we can fix that, I guess. And I mean, there's 15 posts, so that's five posts a piece. If you guys want to break it down like that or we can do whatever. Okay. Group effort. I definitely think I, I think I, I can. There's some stuff that I would. I don't have the like video making stuff, but I can like generate a picture and send it, like to Gilbert if he wants to like make the video where they're taught. You know what I mean? Yep. Okay, you want me to do the. You want me to do the countdown? Well, you guys, I don't know, you guys, we'll see. Something like that is just around when you got an idea and then we like stack that stuff and then move on it when it's time to sit there and make the countdown for all the numbers in one day, potentially. Right, right. Yeah. And then we just. So we probably need like a shared place to dump or something. Pictures AI Pictures. Yeah. So like Discord or in here. In Discord. Yeah, yeah. I think we'll put in Discord and we could potentially even segment it a little different if we wanted. Or we could just have one channel and dump them all in there however we want to do that. Because then also it has. And then. So I think should put like an image or media asset in there and then a text description and then that way we can search in there and find the stuff if we get a lot. Right, right. But okay, what's our tone this year? These are examples. Santa and elf. Silly. Warm and charity driven. Grungy and cool. I think it's just like wholesome and I think that's kind of. Yeah, I don't think. I don't think. I mean our ideas. Wasn't even our idea. Really warm and charity. I don't think. What? Yeah, yeah, no. Yeah, yeah. Okay. How do we visually tie everything together? A color palette, a logo, a hashtag. I think we. I don't know, Hashtag logo. Definitely logo. The six pack. We gotta do something cool with that. Right? Okay, so like a kickback logo, a six pack logo, kickback6, six back and hashtag or something. Yeah. I don't know about hashtag. It's kind of weird, but I mean we can with it. But it seems like a lot of stuff are phasing out hashtags. Like I said. No, hashtag hashtags aren't being so much. Side note, hashtags aren't being utilized. Right. By the company. So they don't make sense. So yeah, they probably are being phased out. And I would too because. Don't even make sense. Right. This don't even the is unless you're trying to get stupid. I think the only way it makes sense is like if you're trying to get a like catalog. Well, I was thinking multiple people that weren't you and then so that someone could click the hashtag and then scroll through a feed. That was a lot of different people posting about the same thing. Yeah. Otherwise you just go to the page. Right. And then just see all the stuff. Catalog. It's a catalog. Like it's a image app. So it's just silly. But anyways. Okay. Anyways. So then what about what's our tagline or Hook line for this year. Is there one? Are we saying something? I think we really have one. It's not just cannabis. It's culture. Maybe brainstorming. Oh, yeah. We can do cannabis culture. We can run the OG one if we want. Yeah, yeah. And then we want your toys. We want your toys. Do we? Oh, all right, hold on. There's a new dog. Oh, so. Okay, so do we want any to feature any recurring faces? Can of claws? Probably. Right. Because, like, we got pictures of him. We could. We can make him do anything with the robots. Right. I like. So if the thing. The feedback we got from last year is that they really like the giveaway thing. Right. The raffle. So we definitely have things to lean into that somewhat for marketing. Oh, yeah. Obviously, the toy drives the pinata and the sushi. We can lean into the whole, like, bring a gift, and you can get a way better gift. Yeah, Right. And we low key. And we low key can almost do it. Like, last year, we did Phoenix in the West Valley. Now we're doing the East Valley. Come here. Yeah. Like, just. I mean, we're doing it. Don't shy away from it. Being into it. We're going super far East Valley. We did West Valley the last two years. We did Super West Valley the year before. Right? Yeah. And then we did Phoenix. Now we're doing. And we've done Tempe. Now we're doing the East Valley. Yep. Right. We're getting all over the west side. We've done Central all over. Right. We should lean into that a little bit to get the great. We should lean on people that are giving us gripes now and overcome them before we put it out there. Like, Greg Ripe is west is 100 distance. So we. So, oh, lay that. And have an excuse. Lean into it. Have an excuse. Also, when we sit there and advertise that, like, hey, this is our sixth annual event, and we've had it at six different places. Yeah. Where's the seventh different place gonna be at? You know, then it almost. Especially when we're down the line, people are advertising to us. Yo, you gotta do it at our spot. Yeah, I'd like a. You know, you made me think of something right now. I'd like a video that was like, almost like, hear me out. It's like a map. And then it's like, can it kick back one? And it zooms in on the map to behind the smoke shop. And then we play some videos from there and then have some people with the voiceover like, yo, I remember we went and it was just like a box shuck. And it was dope. And then we did whatever and we show the videos and then the neck is like zoomed back out on the map. And then it's like. And then the next year and then it zooms back in to the melt lounge for the second one and we show some videos from that and another person saying some or whatever. And then you know, exactly. Zoom out. Zoom into the. This next one. Whoopi Wapi. Woo. I think that could be lit because that kind of shows the whole thing. Right? It shows the map. It shows all the different ones. It shows the different things we've done, how they've all been different, how we've had so many. And then it's the justification for the new spot on the other side of town and all that. And then we can even do. And this is kind of stupid and I don't know how it worked. But you know how you do like all the different points like a stars and then they connect all the dots and it makes a shape. We do that and we'll make it make can of claws. Belongo's getting punked at the dog park right now. Well, kinda. He just runs and then comes back to him. Anyways. Sorry. What? Anything else on that? Okay, I gotta call. You gotta call right now. I think it's pretty good. I got some more questions. But here's the categories is budget and resources, metrics and feedback and roles and accountability. I mean we could run through that. But it's kind of like what do we have? What do we need? Which is important. But as far as we're gonna at least need a thousand dollars for two pounds a week. Okay. Like they're just off R. Right. And that's not part of marketing. Yeah, that ain't even part of marketing. Then when you're talking about running ads. So I think that's part of my thing. And then. And then do we want to get. Do we want to get a little bit of that? That what? DHO maybe up here. Hold on. I got a call. Hold on one second. Yeah, hello? Hello, this is Business Outreach. All right. It was a sc. Okay, sure, sure. Or packaging it up or separating it out, laying it, whatever. I think we should kind of exemplify the thing for past the ash. We. What about the rules of the game? Yeah, I think. And we should like play them and put the rules and have like a whole video on each of the things. For sure. For sure. All right. We do. We have a success for this year month. Plan. No, but I. We need it. And then we run through all the. You know what we do have, we have all those videos that we've never released of people doing the. Go get it, Katie. I threw it of getting. Playing the crane game. Oh, yeah. We should have people play the crane game and do the little prize thing and there's like the weird prizes and the good ones, right? Yeah. And then sponsors should be trying to put at least the weed ones they should be trying to put in the little containers. Like brand them in some capacity. Yeah. Oh, I got Nirvana exo snubs or whatever. Right, I like that. So we need that as like, you know what Orbis is gonna do? Orbis is gonna put together a package that we can send to people. We're gonna do like we're gonna make. I'm gonna make a video of what we can send to potential people to get sponsors. Right? Wait, hold on. Say that again. I was gonna say we need a video to send to potential like sponsors. Like what we. Hey, we got this crane game. I'm gonna send you this video to kind of show you how it works. But it's like a little bit doctored up. Yeah, yeah. 100. Okay. Also, you know those sponsored people types, we could be putting there products in the like, I mean obviously we just said it with the vendors, but like even like the dispensaries put their products in the gift bag. Yeah, I'm not mad at that at all. Like a half ounce of nugs from. They open it up on stage like there was weed in my box. All right. Yeah. Okay. Metrics of feedback. What metrics define success this year? Toys collected. Right? Toy. These are the examples. Toys collected, Engagement rate, Partner count, Reach, Foot traffic. I'd say toys. Toys collected and overall head count from people that are coming in and out. Okay. And then how do we track donations from each location? We just go pick up twice. Once before the event and once before the end. Right. Okay. And then how do we measure which. So then this means that if we're extending the drive through the kickback, then that we can. At the kickback, we're low key advertising people to continue to go to the point places and donate toys. Right? Like where they're like we still got 10 locations out there where you know, you got two more weeks or whatever. Theo, come. Hey, Belongo. Come bongo. Hey. Hey, Belongo, come look. Hey, come, come, come. Come on. Good boy. Come on. Come play with. There you go. Good boy. Good boy. Belongo. All right, sorry. What? How do we okay, how do we measure which content type perform best, who's responsible, tracking report those roles in accountability, who's in charge of what? What's everyone's bandwidth and preferred tasks? Do we need to bring in extra help? Definitely think extra help in some aspects. I think our bandwidth is pretty good for the, for the marketing otherwise. But the in person stuff is definitely something we're gonna need help with. Okay. We got Black Friday the 28th. We're gonna need people to help with the booth potentially. And I think we'd want to do like last year we went, we had all the flyers and we kind of drove around to all the spots. Right in Phoenix. Yeah. Right. And I drove Dewan and them around and stuff. And then. Yeah, so we do that out. But out here. Yep. Yeah. We like low key, need to go find. We need to map out the dispos that we're targeting on that side of town. And we just need to own them and just own them and. And be on. Yep. And then. And then any event. So how many flyers do you think we need? I think a thousand is good. A thousand? Well, we got five last time. I'm thinking smoke. I'm thinking smoke shops and dispensaries. A thousand. That's. I was thinking that specifically. So I don't know how much we want to do like at event. We got a couple of them. And then how much do we want to do like. Like you said first. First Friday or. Well, the first Friday. Right. The day before we should be first Friday in the. Out of something. Okay. With a thousand flyers itself. I think that's tomorrow. Well, no, I mean on in December. Right. We got one. I think so we have the day before. Yeah. So not tomorrow, but the day before. Like that, like it looked low key. Should be like. And we should be feeling it. That is so dope. And it's gonna be. And we gotta make a. I don't know if there's a first Friday in the East Valley, but we should look that there might be something like that though. It is going to be winter. Right. So there was probably going to be like the little food truck corral type thing. Is that open? Probably. That's a good spot that we should have a lot of. So if that's open and we can get in there. I don't know how we. I don't know. But yeah. Like what is that? Like a flyer bomb? That's cars in the parking lot. Right. Know what's. What's going on in Gold Canyon? Huh? We need to be Whatever. I think. What about the golf resort? Right, so we can hit like the golf resort and like some of the local restaurants kind of deal. What's the hot spots? And. And like a hot. Like, you know, so we got out, everybody gets out. So we got one smoke shop here in town and everybody hits that. And then there's probably like two or anything. No, that, that's not. Not February. We miss our class and. But I was gonna say we should loki plot on something during the February and March kind of thing because there's a lot of foot traffic moving east to west during that weekend. That's true. And we can definitely siphon off something for one, for one day. Right. I think low key. Y' all should be advertising trying to do something like that for Ginza and putting it as like a. Hey, come post up in Ginza and wait till the traffic dies down. Right. Beat the traffic. Happy hour. There you go. We should, we should go it. Show us your Renaissance and get a free sake bomb. You know, 15 person get you a free drink or something. Yeah, let's try to make the smoking session section at the Renaissance festival. Well, that's something that those people with the school bus and they just pull up and post up in the parking lot. Yeah. Oh, yeah. What's. What's happening with them? They didn't even respond. Gilbert hit him up yesterday. They didn't even respond. So we'll see how long. Yeah. No, when I told him that they couldn't bring the school bus because the parking lot wasn't conducive for it. It's been cricket since then. Yeah. I don't know why they bring a smoking section to a smoking event. Yeah, that's crazy. What I would be more interested in is them doing like the. The weed transport. Like they just pull the bus up and let everybody out and then they go back to the spot, pick up more people. Go back to a spot, pick up more people type thing. Right. And then we just. We just pay them for gas and time. Right. Would they be open to something like that? Like we tell everybody to park at the bashes up the street or Alberson's up the street or something. Or the single dude or superstition mall. Superstition mall. Everybody probably do two pickups. I think the gold cat and you bash his thing is completely outrageous because that's like a fat ass public parking lot. Yeah, but how far is it? You drove the bashes. Why wouldn't you just drive to the next light it? Well, because the. For one, the Parking lot's pretty small. We could do a one time. We could do a one time. Like, what if they started at. Because the event's 12 to 6, right? 2 to 6. 2 to 6. 2, 6. What about 12:30 or 1 o'? Clock? They pick up from the west side. Like, what if they had drops? Like they. Like a bus stop. They stayed up from the west side. Like they go to a parking swap in Phoenix and then. Or a park. A parking ride in Phoenix at 11 and then the bus. Something in Tempe at 12 and then they said one and then they hit the event by 12. Yeah. Could be cool if they got people to drive for sure. And they're smoking the whole time. I mean, people could literally be blazing down on the way to the kickback. Right. They're gonna be wanting gas money. Somebody's gonna need to get paid. No, that's what I'm. No, that's what I'm saying. How much does that bus. Is the bus diesel? Well, likely. So it's a little cheaper. So, like, what are you thinking? Like a hundred dollars? We'd be willing to spend or less. I think 100 bucks is reasonable. And then tell them to put a tip jar in that facts. Well, then they get to advertise their business the whole time. The whole time. And. And, well, yeah, we'll throw you 100 bucks towards gas. You get to advertise your. The whole time and then whatever tips you collect from the drive. Mazel talk. And well, and so what do we do? Select like a couple locations and then a couple times. Right, right. I'm not. No vendor fee. No, we'll raise the vendor fee off top. Wow. For that value. Yeah. Well, I mean, I. Are we charging a vendor fee? They don't know that. They don't know that. They don't know what we. Holy smoke. I thought we were. But maybe not. Maybe not. We haven't really done that. But vendor fees. Yeah. My thought is we need to get as many people in there as possible and. And get them stoned so they get hung. We've got a vendor fee every year. I know. We've also had a ticket price. Oh, but yeah. Oh, I thought you saying we never did a vendor fee. No, we haven't, like, haven't really. We haven't, like, said we are or aren't or how much because I definitely think our, you know, money is the food. As long as we have that. Because I guess there's still potential uncertainty there and we have to get the menu approved. But all Right. Hold on. We got a little. But we kind of went through this list. We didn't really get into like who's in charge of what and who and what we need help with, except the in person stuff, I guess, but. Okay. Other than that, we did pretty much everything on this little list. Okay. Gilbert, you just text me. Oh, did we lose Gilbert? I don't know. Yeah, I just got you, I think. Did you leave on purpose? I disconnected. Okay. I think it's because I was on a WI FI phone call and then my Internet up. Okay. All right. Oh, I was saying for the. I was saying for the menu confirmation. Can Gilbert get that? Get it approved? Yeah. So when do you go to work Next, Gilbert? Today. 4 o'. Clock. Okay. Yeah. Hit up Maggie about the menu we got. It's in discord. All right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I think this is a pretty good. Pretty Good point. Hour 20 on marketing is pretty good. So I'll go through and I'll get. When I walk back to the house. Right now I'm at the dog park. I'll. I'll run it through the recall and get all the transcript and then some kind of something out of it. What? Okay, Action plan for the next week. Yeah, we'll get that for sure. The day by day breakdown, so and, and determine who and a list of jobs and locations. And then we assign jobs. There will probably also be some we should probably do before we get to that point. We should probably get some. There's probably gaps in our conversation or whatever. Right. To completely solidify some of that stuff. So we should have the robot identify those and then we go over that and then we take all of it and then action plan. Okay. When's the next meeting? I mean, I'm good for whatever. Gilbert's working tonight, so I guess maybe tomorrow. I work at double tomorrow, so I'd have to be in the middle of my lunch break. Well, what time is when you go in? Don't you guys not open till noon or something? No, I'll. I open at like 10:30 on that Friday. Okay. All right, so tomorrow, either before that or on your lunch, which is at what time, Gilbert? Hold on one second. I gotta text my bot. I think his lunch. I think it went to like two or three or one or something. My bad. I'm available whenever. I would prefer it was like maybe when I'm not doing calls in the morning between 9 and 8 and 10. But I'm. I can try to make it work. What about. Whatever. Okay, so then while Gilbert's lunch is, I think, somewhere between 12 and 3. No, it's 2. 2 to 4. 2 to 4. 2 to four. Oh, well. Yeah. All right, so tomorrow, 2:30. 3. 2. Yeah, 2, 2, 3. Closer to 2 is better. But yeah, 2:30. Three works. All right, so 2:30. So 2, 2:30, because just enough time to get Gilbert to get home or whatever. Okay. Well, yeah. Okay, so eat at. To eat at the. At the spot. Oh, like roll up there? You want to roll up there? No. Well, I mean, I. Oh, what's. Come on Friday. Yeah, I was thinking the phone, but we could potentially. But it's gonna be his life. I got my half brother coming in to town. Oh, yeah, he's in town now. And Saturday we're doing some orange chicken. Or not or doing orange chicken. We're doing the hop in the afternoon. 11 to 6 is when it's going. So I don't know when he's gonna want to roll up there, but at some point, he might be down to eat some orange chicken one of these days. So, I mean, I'm. I mean, I can. I could probably convince him to. Around or, you know, I'm sure he's going to be doing something with Alexis or Ariel one of those days where I won't be at all. So then I'll be free. All right, well, we don't. We don't necessarily need to roll up, but we do need to roll up there one time with the crew. Right? Yeah, right. With the one people. Yeah. And then I was like, hey, I just need to know convenient times for everybody because we need to do another walk through. We don't do that. We. We need to set our date, maybe get convenient time for, like, Bong Blazer for someone who's important. And then. And then we just set our time and then say, hey, this is when we're doing it. Be there straight up. Yeah. Because otherwise, weird. Yeah. Sleep there. Yeah. Sleepy for sure, too. So I definitely think, like, well, whoever's gonna help us and. And I definitely. Decorators, definitely. Which one of you guys is in, like, a submarine right now? Not me. I keep hearing, like, it sounds like a sonar. Yeah. No facts, like, get in a submarine. Is that better? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, no. There it goes. There it go. My ground. My little turbo ground. Fan on. All right, so ready? Break. Yeah. Pretty good. Yeah. Yep, yep.
