Speaker A: Yeah, what up?
Speaker B: All right, so I sent you the claymation thing. I figured we'd go through, like, do the old school 70s. We got off the red nose rating gear fives. And then did you see that ornament I sent here?
Speaker A: Yeah, it might be longer.
Speaker B: And I figure that'll. I sent her that and I said, this is what I came up with. Like, can you do that? All right, so we'll see what she says about that. I just checked that out. So what else? We think it's.
Speaker A: Someone'S barbecuing right now. Look like ribs out here. Holy. Oh, must be that restaurant. Oh, the barbecue joint just opened. Or maybe it didn't just open. Someone hit me up for stickers. So I hit up Paul, and I was like, how much? Because I talked to Paul the other day, but. And then he's like, I need business cards. I'm like, all right, so now I gotta figure that out, but I think he's trying to tax me on these stickers, so I don't know what. I gotta figure something.
Speaker B: Well, you do know what the price is worth.
Speaker A: No, I do, and it doesn't really matter because all that matters is that he is whatever he charges me, right? Like, I can't be like, I know how much they cost, blah, blah, blah. Like, I can't dictate the price. So it's a matter of if you give me the price I want or I gotta find somewhere else, you know? But I don't know. So. I don't know. I gotta. But I. It's hard to text with him. It's not the most literate. So it. It takes a little back and forth to figure out what the. And I'm trying to use the robot and robots straight up chat. GBT is just a. Like I said of a text thread, and it's like, oh, you want to buy a thousand business cards and stickers? I'm like, no, I'm on the right, he's on the left. Oh, okay. I got it. Yeah, yeah. You wanted all that? I'm like, nah, man. I want one thing, he wants the other. Oh, okay. It's like, good God.
Speaker B: Correct. For the love of all that is holy.
Speaker A: Right? You think they train it on how a text message thread works? I got a snack. Hey, what did I say? I had a snack. Six. Lucky. Okay, Gilbert, so remember how I made the thing for the. For the farm, and then it, like, had all the documents and I was making all these things and whatever, and we'll see what.
Speaker B: Yeah, okay.
Speaker A: I made One for the kickback, so. And then I also made like a sub agent thing that. That will write content. So I got some auto magical and nothing to eat. Oh.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: I'm gonna have to go hold up a gas station to get some money to eat something.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker A: I'm hungry.
Speaker B: Oh, you want me to see some loot?
Speaker A: No, no, no, no. I just need you to drive. Just get the gas when I come out. Are these hot dogs in a freezer bag? What the. And you didn't want to ruin all the restroom. I don't think those are freezer bags, though, just based on how much frost is all over those things. Those bad boys are pretty frosty. All right, well, this is about to go down flavors. Unless you're making some. That tuna pasta salad you made that one time.
Speaker B: Hey, yeah, you.
Speaker A: The tuna pasta salad is probably gonna take a while. I don't remember the tuna pasta salad. It's just pasta with tuna and some in there. It's not anything crazy. Yeah, but daddy has to boil the pasta. Okay, well, I'm willing to wait if you're willing to do it. Otherwise, I'm gonna do this right now. Okay. There's eggs in that that are hard boiled eggs that are cooling off for chicken salad, but go ahead and do whatever you want. Okay, so give me a second, Gilbert, and I'll tell you everything the robot was telling me, and I'll tell everything you need.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker A: Pretty good. And then I haven't really looked at the. The content. I had it make an Instagram post just because obviously it doesn't make images, but not yet at least. But it definitely makes the text and then can suggest what the images look like. It sa. Oh, you. I got so poopy. No, no, no. Why did you. Who would ever agree to be in a positive movie about Larry Jones, his progeny? I got the person from Mita or one of the media people is. I'm about to sell him a hoodie later today, so I'll see what they got of on some weed.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: And then I call. I call Mo once we. Because what I. This is what I really want to do. I want to have a web page, and that's our pitch deck. So I got. I'm like. With the shit I got about the robot, I was telling you I could do that pretty quickly as long as we have the images and all that kind of stuff we want to put on there. You know what? Huh?
Speaker B: Now the dog is like, fuck. Okay.
Speaker A: Because it would be nice to be able to hit These people and be like, yeah, and send them some. Something they can look at, like a pitch deck. Which I figure it could just be a website because it's just as easy.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker A: And more interactive. We got to play a lot. And every time I was like, okay, are you ready? Who ran back out there? Attack another dog? What? I said every time I was like, all right, boy, you ready to go? He ran and went and attacked another dog.
Speaker B: Tell me about it.
Speaker A: So this morning though, I woke up Gilbert and I ran. I created Jumbo Death. Anthony Bourdain. Okay. It's a lot like Tony Danza, only with Tony Danza. For some reason, the robot defaulted to fine dining and thought that we would make like a farm to table dining experience where people would be like eating quail and Tony Danza just the name of it. So that. Because I kept like the one clan where we added this and that, that's not a good name. So I just need code names to reference them. So it was Tony Danza because I ran out of stuff. So. So we made Bourdain though, which was more. Think about it. Imagine we pulled up at a. And it's. It's a stretch. So, you know, I'm not mad if you think it's crazy, but we pull up at an event and then we got like Nashville hot fried quail and motherfucking like quail bite. And we got it said a scotch quail egg, which apparently is like hard boiled and wrapped in bacon and deep fried. And then we like pull up to event and we got these three items or whatever. Very specific. But it's almost just an excuse to get people to try the. And be like, oh man, this shit's laughing. And be like, yeah, well, we sell whole quail and quail eggs. Farm them. We got the way like there are shit, it's straight from here to there. Like, ain't nobody out here got. You're not gonna go to a food truck this year that's got fucking farm to table, homie.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You know, but so in the things it was like, they're not gonna make a bunch of money like that. But it's way to get customers, you know.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So something to think about just different ways to get out there. Like, we don't have to necessarily pull up at a farmer's market with quail in an ice chest or whatever the. Like, we could pull up serving.
Speaker B: Man. We got to get the emails out for the toy drive tank. And then the one for asking for the. Is it damn near too late.
Speaker A: I called Sojourners today, and someone hits him. And then she's like, well, I don't know what the day is. I'm like, okay, but here's the cell phone number to the lady who's in charge of all that. I called. She didn't answer. On her voicemail, she said I could text. I texted, no, answer it. Ah, right now, email back or text message. Thanks for reaching out. And you. We'd love to receive donations between December 8th and the 20th. Gilbert.
Speaker B: Yeah. So it looks like the date we said is just landed.
Speaker A: Just roll with the 15th.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: Yeah. Because then that way we're not right up at the deadline either. All right, I'm gonna say. Okay, that's perfect. Thank you. We were going to do a marketing effort for our. We are going to be promoting our tour drive on social media. Is there a way we could do or who. Is there someone from Sojourners that would like to talk to us on camera to make a good video? Are we going to have supplies areas, Pet supply areas?
Speaker B: There's a little thing on the one in between the paint. Huh? And type right here. It's like right here on that other window. Yeah, yeah. This one's fine. This. These ones are both fine. Fine. You see what I'm talking about? If I gripe here, I think that's on our side. I think it's on our side.
Speaker A: All right. What, do you do laundry all day, Gilbert?
Speaker B: No, I'm out, Rose, right now because I have to go to the dosaria or whatever and do the pinata. But my mom's here because Rose is getting ready for an inspection. What do you got going on?
Speaker A: And Jay has the car.
Speaker B: Yeah, Jay has the car.
Speaker A: I see.
Speaker B: You can help me with the filtration system thing.
Speaker A: Well, I was thinking kickback stuff.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's not what I said. Well, we really just gotta email these people and wait for the response. Right?
Speaker A: There's a lot more than that, I think, over it.
Speaker B: Oh, my dad planted cactus in the back patio area. Ginza. And it's like, cut our square footage in half.
Speaker A: What?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: That wasn't in our contract.
Speaker B: Straight up.
Speaker A: So we get 15 now.
Speaker B: And also, that's not what he said he was going to do either. He said he was going to put cactus in bucket so they'd be easily moved.
Speaker A: And they got put in the ground.
Speaker B: Yeah, they put them directly on the ground instead.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: Right. Like, I don't. Like you have to. Because you know how, like, you have those Steep banks that surround the patio.
Speaker A: I got the info, Mom. I already got the info. You didn't hear me when I was talking to Gilbert. I guess I called them and I talked to a lady who didn't know anything. And then she gave me the phone number for the lady who does know. I called. She didn't answer. She said to text her. I text her. She hit me back. So they're all set. We've got somebody to give toys too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We really. What we needed to know was the date. Yeah. No, we just need to know what. Yeah, we can't bring them too late. Oh. Because then they won't pick them up. And then we'll have to get a box truck and deliver all kinds of. Are we taking our two thousand dollar stimuluses and putting the down payment on fifty year mortgage or what?
Speaker B: Let's do it. By the way, that's how you really make it happen. I get all the free government subsidiaries.
Speaker A: And be like, yeah, what's a. If I put all my trump checks on Bitcoin, how much would that be now?
Speaker B: So right there where I drew the line, he did that on both sides of the.
Speaker A: What? Why would you even want to do that?
Speaker B: He's just.
Speaker A: Why would you make a fence in the middle of the dining area?
Speaker B: You don't even know there's a.
Speaker A: There's already a fence. There's already wooden posts.
Speaker B: Right. Like, he could have easily planted that cactus up against the fence.
Speaker A: Like that had to be a whole day's worth of work.
Speaker B: It was. We had some dude named Billy out there doing it.
Speaker A: What the. So someone got paid to do this? Yeah, I just. I don't know what's going on over there anymore. Well, whatever. I mean, I ain't got about it. So it. I. I guess it is what it is. If we got less people and make less, I already suspect we're gonna have a hard time getting that 10, so.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: We're just gonna get gleed off by randos.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't know. It's rough.
Speaker A: Should we cancel?
Speaker B: Well, where are they invested now? We've told people.
Speaker A: What do we invest? You didn't pay for the pinata yet. Did you.
Speaker B: Like that? It really, with a lot of, like, it literally cuts a space in half almost.
Speaker A: Well, it's like. I mean, it just seems ridiculous.
Speaker B: Well, you. Well, everybody will see on the next walkthrough, so.
Speaker A: I hope Maggie's there. I'll be like, yo, where did all these cactus come from? Like, you should have told us that you were going to renovate the space? We were going to use like. That's not cool. That's not good business. What are you drunk? Let me spill your breath. Oh, yeah. I'm not going to have a Chinese friend. And after the this one, kill me. So what do we. What if we come out one day and all our quail have been harvested?
Speaker B: Right? Like, and that's the reality that we have to deal with.
Speaker A: So we got to be plotting on the exit as soon as possible.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: What a damn shame anyways, because we could just have something nice. That's why we can't have nice things. Oh, geez. Cactus. What kind of cactus? Cholla.
Speaker B: Is it cholla Gilbert, I hate cholia.
Speaker A: Is that what he planted?
Speaker B: No, it's like that really pointy Christmas cactus and a varieties of aloe vera.
Speaker A: Did he get paid for it? Did Maggie buy the cactus?
Speaker B: No, he would bring this as an attempt to try to get a new revenue to the restaurant so she can sell cactus.
Speaker A: Is that even legal?
Speaker B: That's what we talked about. Because even just like, does she even have a general retail license or is it only a food retail.
Speaker A: Can you even mix that?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Well, I guess you got to risk it for the biscuit. You know, that's. That's. You know, I think most restaurants, you know, instead of running paid marketing campaigns, they should just plant some cactus. Hey, mom, you think you guys need some cactus at the shop? What do you guys think about selling indoor plants at the shop? She turned the TV back on. Yeah, man.
Speaker B: All right, well, also, he's rearranging the back patio to create a different stage area.
Speaker A: Do they not understand that we have an event that we have booked? Like, we, like we booked the venue for a time and the venue was one way and we can't. Like how. Like what are we supposed to do? Like go to the golf resort or something?
Speaker B: I don't know. So that's something we gotta thought about. And then I'll try to take like new pictures or something today because it with a lot of stuff.
Speaker A: Well, what do you mean? The stage. I mean, that was like pretty.
Speaker B: Yeah, I know.
Speaker A: How does that move? How does that change?
Speaker B: I don't know. He had a carpet, so he wanted to use the carpet. And so that's how the new stage got made. Because he obtained an old antique rug. And he said that this was a quality rug for a stage.
Speaker A: And so now this quality rug was put on the dirt straight up. All right, well, I don't know.
Speaker B: Right. Because we're definitely Gonna. Well, because it changes at least the cactus out in the middle of the patio area. That changes a lot of stuff. Like, we can just rearrange the set and like we can tear down the stage. It's. Or whatever. We'll do whatever the we want with that because that's movable. The physical cactus in the ground is not.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, and the stage isn't necessarily bad. Right? I mean, because it's not like we had like, there was a reason we wanted the stage where it was. Like we were just using it where.
Speaker B: It was right in the pre existing.
Speaker A: Area, but cutting out like capacity space. Pretty rough.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, it's so much capacity. It's almost like we can only hang out in the little wooden beam section.
Speaker A: So then why don't we just have that other splash of the empty. Or you can't get back there.
Speaker B: All right. Well, I. I don't know. We can't get. Maybe we put like creative bear terrace planters.
Speaker A: Like the whole wall is like a terrace planter.
Speaker B: Right, right. Like, there is plenty of area for him to already do it and all those areas also system. So I don't know. I mean, I tried to broach this stuff with him and he calls everybody stupid and has a breakdown.
Speaker A: Well, then. So then here's my question. How do we get Maggie to just buy that parking lot less raised quail right there? Selling a restaurant.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: At this point, like, I mean, if we just do whatever we want with Maggie's like, let's do it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Well, all right. Well, it all that we got. Let me. Okay, let's. Let me tell the robot. See, I'd like to meet up with you because I'd like to be able to do the computer stuff, which I guess we could do like this though.
Speaker B: I can. I can come this afternoon after I pick the boys up from the school if you want to swoop me or something.
Speaker A: Like three or four or whatever.
Speaker B: All right. And then my wife gets off at like 8, 7, 8, so she can pick me up potentially.
Speaker A: Right. You got to be home to pick up the boys.
Speaker B: Right. Or I was gonna say you can snag your laptop and come to my side of town. Right, right. And then after I get the boys, I'm free as you go.
Speaker A: All right. Well, if I was gonna do that, I just. We gotta go to the store first, so.
Speaker B: All right. Yeah, yeah. Let me. Oh, and I. I owe you an abysmal amount of money for gas money. You've been driving me back and forth past couple days, and I've never gave you the gas money. I said I would.
Speaker A: I mean, I'll take some gas money, but don't. It's nothing crazy.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Just let me know when you're done doing your thing and headed to this side of town then. And then I'll send you some gas money right now. Peace out.
