Speaker A: What up y man? I'm just thinking about the final fing checklist. Okay, right. Uh, I got the list of the prints and I'll send that to you. And we can get the money and we can order those. Uh, we can go buy at the wholesale take up someing shirt. I think we're pretty square on our T shirts. Like we got have a T shirt, right. Unless you wanted something specific to the show.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And then I wanted to get a thing of business cards and we got a print of u flyers for the show. And then we. We got a book the hotel room and I think those are the final things we got to do. So let me know what I can do to expedite any of those things.
Speaker B: Give me all the information that goes on. Okay.
Speaker A: The.
Speaker B: And if I don't have the artwork, we haven't printed it before. I need the artwork and.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: And then uh, I'm on the phone and. And then, uh.
Speaker A: Good.
Speaker B: Um.
Speaker A: Uh, so. Yeah, well, we're working on one thing at of time off the la. Oh, right.
Speaker B: Okay. What are the shirt designs? You got it. Read it. Ye.
Speaker A: Yeah, I. I got the list. Let me pull it up real quick. And I actually fucking wrote it down. So. T shirt design list. Number one design trill boy. I want to be a trill boy. Number two design trap queen. Number three design the biggest, smallest word of magazine. Fourth design the win of the poo smoking the bong. Fifth design a can of crew. I just put can of crew reuse. So like we can decide which one we want to do. Mowana, Catnip, dope, whatever. Right. And then a thrasher logo.
Speaker B: Okay. And everything's just one or thrashers two.
Speaker A: And we need two thrashers.
Speaker B: And what? That's all for the girls?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's all for the girl.
Speaker B: And what's their size?
Speaker A: Small.
Speaker B: And we're trying to not do all black.
Speaker A: The one one'all black.
Speaker B: The one does want all black.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: So we just does the other one not want all black or.
Speaker A: I don know t if she give a fuck. We were thinking about not all black just to get the stuff, you know, dabble with some different colors but the around and have cohes in. I'm not opposed to the all black.
Speaker B: Oay and then.
Speaker A: And it'll be cost effective too. You know, it's just simple.
Speaker B: Well, maybe. So they want the female cut though.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay, so then no, because those come in packs with stat sizes from that place. So u. You get what I'm saying?
Speaker A: Yeah. Um, so we'll do black tops female.
Speaker B: Cut small and it So'how many shirts total? How many small black female cups?
Speaker A: Six.
Speaker B: Six total. Okay.
Speaker A: Total.
Speaker B: All right, next item on your list.
Speaker A: U. Oh, shit. I didn't. I just wrote down the.
Speaker B: You saying something?
Speaker A: Yeah, Business cards for me.
Speaker B: What do you want on the business cards?
Speaker A: I just wanted to have my Candic K logo on it and then my contact information in some capacity. Whether it's specifically. We should probably have my Instagram and my email. Yeah. And then should I put a phone number on it?
Speaker B: Hell yeah.
Speaker A: And I guess just put my personal.
Speaker B: Phone number on real phone number on it.
Speaker A: I don't got anything else.
Speaker B: I mean, we, I. We could make a. You can have Google voice account is prettyucking straightforwardah.
Speaker A: So I'll see about the Google voice account and if I got one, I'll connect it to my phone number and then I will send do you that number.
Speaker B: Okay. And then the other item was book in the hotel or was there book?
Speaker A: Yeah, no, book in the hotel was one, but there'also an the brochure.
Speaker B: Okay. And what are the changes to the existing one or start from scratch?
Speaker A: I think we should just alter the existing one. You know, just change that we're doing it for champ summer instead of winner. You know, just the same fucking throw up but, you know, update the date kind of deal.
Speaker B: Okay. You didn't want to change the styleless.
Speaker A: You want to.
Speaker B: Well, I definitely don't want to hand the same flyer out.
Speaker A: All right. All right. Yeah, let's change.
Speaker B: So think about this too. We're closer to the kickback, so, you know. Yeah, really, really into that a little more.
Speaker A: Yeah, kick a lean into the kickback a lot more. Right, right, right.
Speaker B: But, uh, what about. What do we want these people about the kickack?
Speaker A: Uh, they want us. We want them to give free merchandise. Right.
Speaker B: To donate to the kickback.
Speaker A: Yeah, just donate to the kickback. Just anything you're able to donate to the kickback will give it a rul.
Speaker B: Away to the people to the party for the toy drive.
Speaker A: Yeaheaheaheah to get people to come and.
Speaker B: Participate in the toy drive.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: Okay. And then u then hotel room and that was it.
Speaker A: Yeah, m pretty sure. And I'm like, that's pretty much. And then u and then other than that, sub, sub, sub note. Depending on how burn out Delilah gets. Right? Uh, she said she got friends and I'm serious about the day three because we got to potentially check out on a a f Did we want to man, I don't know what you.
Speaker B: What's up? What are you trying to do on day three?
Speaker A: U the after party? Oh, u Delilah hit me up. She said she got friendsom and I got extra lo.
Speaker B: After party.
Speaker A: Right, right. Me you don couple plants.
Speaker B: Holy.
Speaker A: And more after than party.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: U you g. You got three time.
Speaker B: I mean, I think it's going to.
Speaker A: Be at the same house inside. Oh, yeah, she's fine. Let me just go this thing Wh Real quick. Which y I'll pick up the loot later. All right, so that's the thing. And then we'll set all that sitit up, and then I'll just hit you here. I have the tr. Back to work. I'm gonna hit you back up in a second.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: All right. Peace. I didn't do.
