Speaker A: Hello. Francisco? Ivan Gonzalez?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: What are you doing today?
Speaker B: Not much. What's up?
Speaker A: Excellent. I have an idea.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I probably shouldn't leave my side of town, but I. Some stuff that I. I think we should get the car and do a hot box podcast in the Ginza parking lot. And then I want to film stuff like. Like a POV of, like, how to, like, get in and turn into the restaurant and weird stuff like that. And then I'll stack the keys from my mom. Then we can start with the patio area, too.
Speaker B: I thought we weren't supposed to be there on Monday.
Speaker A: That's not what she necessarily said. She was just apprehensive about us podcasting inside the restaurant for whatever the reason. But if we got shit to do, we got shit to do, you know?
Speaker B: Well, I mean, what is there to.
Speaker A: Do at the restaurant, though? I don't understand. Well, I guess I could just film it whenever, but I wanted to get a stand of, like, filming of, like, how to get into the restaurant, where to turn that weird shit like that.
Speaker B: Right. But then he said, why? Why do we need the keys?
Speaker A: Oh, because I wanted to go through the patio area this. With you, with all the weird stuff that my dad is done and getting some pictures of that. But I guess I could just do that on a different day. Better deal. Like what? What? It's actually open. I was just trying to get as much random footage of the actual facility as possible so we can do stuff for the advertising for it, you know, I guess it's not necessarily for what. It's not a high priority. And then for two, like, it could be done doing other stuff, you know? So I guess, what should I. What should I think about trying to get accomplished today? More media stuff?
Speaker B: Well, I'm not necessarily mass podcasting. I don't think it's worth taking up all day for, though.
Speaker A: And. Hold on one second. I mean, we need weed.
Speaker B: This is the situation. We need weed. We need places to put donation boxes. We have two spots we can deliver boxes to. One of them Ginza. The other one's the toy store and AJ and then.
Speaker A: But we're gonna need more places in there.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker A: All right. That's the big operation. It's giving toy box to drop off now.
Speaker B: Well, we need locations too, bro.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Like, we only have two. Well, we have. I guess technically we have three.
Speaker A: They can go to the.
Speaker B: My mom's shop. They have a box up already, though, because they're doing. They're gonna roll. They're doing a food drive right now. To Thanksgiving. And I roll that into Toy Drive.
Speaker A: But.
Speaker B: So we need more locations. Really nice. If we had a dispensary I've got to do so that one guy does want wrapping paper. And there is a way we could have wrapping paper if we want it. So, you know, we could decide on that, but it's got to happen today or we just skip that. Which is fine. But I do think that if we had wrapping paper with Sean show on it, people might buy it, but not the. Not that big of a deal, I guess. And then. But I do have to do that for the other guy.
Speaker A: And then. What was Tom's Palms saying?
Speaker B: A bunch of boof.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: It was just kind of like, oh, bummer. Well, I talked to Arizona Organics. Now it's like, oh, okay.
Speaker A: Yeah, thanks. Right. I saw that and I was like, okay.
Speaker B: So I just expect nothing from there now.
Speaker A: Right. I think we should just mop into the locations and be like, hey, we did this last year. We going to drop you guys the email saying that we're coming by, like, check you guys.
Speaker B: Okay. But then, like, just show up with a box.
Speaker A: Right? Yes.
Speaker B: We do need. We don't have anything that's like signage on the box.
Speaker A: So then we got to try to figure that out today then, too.
Speaker B: So we need locations. Say you get locations. Go call every single human you can find.
Speaker A: Toy box.
Speaker B: Fucking. Weed people.
Speaker A: And then.
Speaker B: And then I'll fucking. Also, we need to post something. And we never talked about what we should post.
Speaker A: And.
Speaker B: So that's the thing. I got the whole schedule thing. So, like, if we actually do that, we can line up all the posts for. Shut up, dude. No, we could line up all the posts for, like, for the whole time. Loki or as far out as we can.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: We over there. Because we need that content. Because the only way that we're gonna get. Like, what's the strategy for getting people to the thing? Right. Like.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Social media.
Speaker A: Social media stuff. And then actually beat the street Toy box locations and trying to get people through events and stuff. Yeah.
Speaker B: Which we got like two events, three events on the calendar. So I'm also going to say pre. Last year we did all those flyers, and I don't really know how many.
Speaker A: People came back to us from that. But.
Speaker B: So. So, yeah, I don't know. I. I'm thinking that it's gonna be primarily social media, which is pretty abysmal because we're not super active and so we're limited. There.
Speaker A: We go. Activate.
Speaker B: You know, that's what I'm saying, so.
Speaker A: But.
Speaker B: You know.
Speaker A: And then maybe somebody will let us do, like, a toy box pop up and we're like, just strictly advertising the toy drive.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's the kind of thing that we need to get with a dispo.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: So, like, I don't know if you're mobile at all or whatever, but, like, there's those three dispensaries in aj, right? They're. They're probably our biggest targets. And then there's. Then there's a couple that are a little out further. Like, there's one that's unlike Power and something like Warner or some shit like that. That's not.
Speaker A: I can at least. Yeah, I'm not crazy mobile. I'll see what's going on with my mom and then I'll try to at least hit up, like, the smoke shops and little dispensaries within my little NJ area.
Speaker B: Well, I think that, like, on, you know, you got the dms, you got the email, you got a phone.
Speaker A: Oh, what's Vegas? What about Vegas?
Speaker B: I don't know. Maybe he's on Power. I mean, if he's still there. I don't know. I don't live over there.
Speaker A: Well, no, I'm just saying. Doesn't mean, like, doesn't he always own at least one.
Speaker B: He had two on Power, last I heard, but that was a minute ago. It was a couple years ago.
Speaker A: All right, So that's. That's the game plan. Box locations and more weed.
Speaker B: Box locations, more weed. And then I'm gonna try to make it over so we can do the podcast thing. All right, but I have to get done first.
Speaker A: Right, right. I'll just. I'm here all day, so. And then. Because, like, I plan on doing this week, but then mag is like Tuesday, and then you got a double on Thursday, and you might have a double on Saturday.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Work Sunday as well. So I basically work every day this week except for Wednesday. But, you know, more. More loop, I guess.
Speaker B: Well, okay, so here's really the thing is how. How do. Okay, I'm gonna post a thing. I'm gonna get the Ghost of Christmas post a thing in PPK General. Or we got to go through there and say, Remember we were like, oh, well, if we're only gonna post X amount of times, then we're gonna have. We're gonna have to post about these things. Right? Like, okay, that. We need that.
Speaker A: What?
Speaker B: It'll make sense.
Speaker A: Yeah, I was like, it'll make sense when it makes sense. All right. Well, all right. I got a General idea of the task, then let me know what you get. Plan is when you.
Speaker B: I want to put into the PPK General chat a list that lists like all the different types of things we should post about. Don't talk about accounts, don't talk about the content of the post, really just more what each post should be about and post it in there and ask everyone what they think about those subjects for the content and if they have suggestions or edits. All right, let's see if this works. Because I think we should. Post it to ppk general discord. All right, check it out. I don't know what can of Claus character review is.
Speaker A: When you come down. Don't forget my weed if you come down, right. Because I'm on the last bit of roaches in my jar. I had a jar foot jar full of roaches before I went to sleep, right? I woke up my wife motherfucking and they smoked the whole damn job. And.
Speaker B: Oh, Gilbert, you know what too, I think you should go to canadakickback.com. Really, if you go to canacrew.com it'll take you there. Now, you see, it's, there's an event schedule. Event day schedule. Well, I mean, you don't have to look, right? Just take it. But like we need to. Figure that out because that's not accurate at all.
Speaker A: Oh, oh, the event schedule. Doors open, mission moment, games and activities. Yeah, we got a infamous can of crew pinata.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Was that just auto generated or something? Yeah.
Speaker B: Based on the details and stuff.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker B: So I mean, you get with the robot, you have an itinerary or we talked about it at some point or something. I don't know if at this point that changes or what. But also, I don't know how much.
Speaker A: We want to put out there like that.
Speaker B: But let me get some stuff done.
Speaker A: And I'll hit you back. Yeah, all right.
