Speaker A: Yo, what's going on? What are you doing today?
Speaker B: I gotta press a bunch of shirts.
Speaker A: Dope. I mean dope, not dope. Sorry. You gotta work good. You're getting paid.
Speaker B: All right. Are you all right?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, no, I've been deathly over the past couple of days.
Speaker B: I was like, you kind of sound like, yeah, work.
Speaker A: I was feeling a little better yesterday, right? And so me and the boys went to Bash's, got some pizza, a little bit of sushi, some soda. And then after that, we hit the ice cream parlor, and then we went to the golf resort, right? Because it's all shut down by my house. And we're rolling down some hills, right? Dude, I rolled down the first hill. The mixture of sarsaparilla, soda and store pizza in my system. Oh, man. No. By the time I got to the bottom of the hill, I thought I was gonna die. It was fucking wild, you know? Kill me now slowly trying to heal. I messaged Tom Palms back and said that, yeah, whatever the you guys got going on again, you know, or write that up. We'll ride along and. And if you want to have a meeting, you know, just let us know whatever time best suits you and we'll set something up. Toy store that I always get my figurines from, right? I hit them up and they said that they're more than welcome to have a toy box get put in, and they're gonna go out of town this weekend for a convention. So, you know, if we want to swing in before they go out of town for whatever, just let them. And then I think that's all I really done this morning. But I felt it, though. Like, I mean, at least they're like movement forward, opposed to not doing anything, and it didn't.
Speaker B: So what'd you say?
Speaker A: Do we want to get weed from the plug? Where do we want to get weed from the.
Speaker B: If we're paying for it, whatever's cheaper, huh? If we're paying for it, whatever's cheaper, Right? Yeah. So that's the deciding factor right there.
Speaker A: So I guess we'll get them both up. Hey, we're having a maturity event. Donations donation. It's for the children.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker B: All right. This isn't gonna be good. Do you know Nick Fuentes is.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Did he pass away?
Speaker B: Nope. He. He just started a podcast. He got to number one on Spotify and they banned him. And one day he was number one, and the next day they banned him.
Speaker A: Weird.
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't like Nick Fuentes. He's pretty hardcore.
Speaker A: I was like, go to school with him?
Speaker B: No, he's like a Nazi.
Speaker A: Oh, that guy.
Speaker B: And, oh, yeah, the dude that was on the thing the other day when he came over and they were talking. And then that one dude was like.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, well, I'm basically taking over all of Charl Kirk's community kind of deal. Yeah, that's what he was saying. Because he was like, we basically talked about the same stuff. So now that he's gone, you know, a lot of his listeners are now listening to me or maybe paraphrasing, but he was definitely saying something.
Speaker B: I got. Yeah, no, they were talking about Israel a lot.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. You know, about Charlie Kurt slowly pulling out of the way. Am I confusing two different. Because I came over and I guess I saw two. One of them was talking about Charlie Kirk and then how. How he was like, gonna be backing out and how convenient it is for him to get unalived when he was backing out of that pro Palestine, Israeli whatever the. And then the guy continued to talk about after the. Charlie Kurt, you know, got. You know, that at least I felt as though from the context of the conversation that he was picking up on a lot of Charlie's followers, right? Because there's a vacuum going on and they're kind of, you know, things that they do. A little political adversary. Because he's. That. Because he was saying that, like, oh, him and Charlie Kirk talked about a lot of the same stuff, you know, and that's why, blah, blah, blah. But again, I really remember paying attention. All I could think of is, why is Frankie Cashley in his living room watching the extended political podcast?
Speaker B: Because this is why. Because Nick Fuentes has been. He's been getting for, like, apparently he's been doing this since pre Covid. So a long time. But he gets banned a lot and they kick him off and stuff. And you'll say he was super hardcore truck the first two times, but not the third time. And he's kind of racist and he's kind of Nazi, like. But then he also says some good stuff. And he's also. His criticisms, ways things happen or whatever are usually pretty good, right? And he's like, super. He's getting a lot of shit. So, like, the. A few months ago, Tucker Carlson had Candace Owens on his podcast and. And they brought up Nick Fuentes and they sat there and talked mad about Nick Fuentes, and Tucker Carlson was like, I think he might be a fed and whoopty wap de woo and all kinds of. And it was kind of like, whoa, Nick Fuentes just caught a stray on this. And then. And then Charlie Kirk died. He's the guy who I was like, yo, he's like super anti Israel or whatever. And then Charlie Kirk dies, and then he does this whole thing like, there's no way it was Israel. It wasn't Israel this time, guys. But then they. So he like kind of turned around a little bit since that. Since Charlie Kirk died. And they were kind of. They have public beef, Charlie Kirk and Nick Fuentes. Because Nick Fuentes said that Charlie Kirk was a shill for Israel. And which is why it was so shocking that he was sober, hardcore about Israel not doing it, even though it's like the prevailing conspiracy theory. But then. So then after that, and after Nick Fuentes says, I don't think it's Israel, he starts getting invited on the Patrick Bet Davis Pod David podcast, which is like a pretty big podcast. This dude who's like super pro Israel and has Netanyahu on his show sometimes. And like, Nick Fuentes got to go on there. Then they were taught it was talked about him being allowed back on YouTube. And then Dave Smith had him on his podcast. So, like, Nick Fuentes is like the. The taboo guy. So what everyone was saying was like, you killed the nice guy. Charlie Kirk was the nice one. Nick Fuentes is not the nice one. And that's all you have left now kind of deal. And so, I don't know, it's very interesting what Deb Smith and Nick Fuentes together is interesting. And that's why it was on, because they got like a weird thing going on right now. So what's scary about all that is that Nick grows as he gets banned, right? Like, he's one of those guys. So, like, for instance, I just saw that he got kicked off Spotify and top comment was, man, if they ban him that fast, he must be saying something, right? I gotta go find his podcast, right? And so, like, another day, he said on his thing, this whole thing, like, he wants all his people to subvert the state by becoming. By going to school and becoming the bureaucrats within the government there should be. He's like all the. He's like, do you think ever you think you go to China or you go to Russia and you find people in their government that are not ethnically Chinese or ethnically Russian? No, they don't have foreigners or. Or in his case, non whites in the government. They don't do that. And then he says that's why they all got their going on. So his whole thing is He's a white Christian. And that this supposed to be a white Christian country.
Speaker A: This is where the Nazis.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly, exactly.
Speaker A: Because I, I, I was with you there. I know, I know I was with you there.
Speaker B: And that's where. That's it right there. That's the proof is in the pudding. And so if you ever wanted the narrative to happen saying that one side was Nazis and then to have someone to point to and be like, you see, they're Nazis, well, then that's the guy.
Speaker A: Because, you know, that's not, I mean, the concept. I mean, let's remove the blatant, you know, species or racism or whatever the you want to call it, you know, but you know, think about it. Think about it. Right? So there's a political entity that controls everything. And you can either be the rebels. Star wars is actually a fantastic. Because it works. Both live, Right. We can either be the rebels. Right. And we don't like the government. We're gonna blow up supply lines and we're going to war. Right. Or, or we can be like that lowly Senator Palpatine.
Speaker B: Palpatine did it, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just this slowly, dude. I'm not bull, you know, I'm the outer rim, you know, I'm here with you guys. Oh, this is bad. I'll support it, man. Yeah, no, maybe if we just change the laws a little bit, you know, I'm the only one here. I'll take his place, you know, like, I don't even want to, you know. Oh, it's war time. We gotta, we gotta do the emergency powers to be. It's, it's the only option, guys.
Speaker B: Yeah. Or we're gonna get on, right? Yeah, man.
Speaker A: He was like, all right, guys, open up your T shirt because it's time to on your kids. Ain't nobody got shot. Ain't nobody got kidnapped. Ain't no, no supplies got blown up.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Ain't nobody got to go hungry.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: So which was the better option?
Speaker B: So then, so then that's the type of he's on right now. And. But then he's like, what we need to do is make sure there's no cultural or religious or business interest that supersedes the state.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Because it needs to be the be all, end all. And nobody's against it because we can't.
Speaker A: Have these Jedi peacemakers just going around making peace.
Speaker B: They need to be authorized by us because we're the white Christians and we know the way we want the country to go.
Speaker A: And so because back to the N Because our moral rules and structure are superior to yours. Yeah. Thus making yours illegal.
Speaker B: And then that's. So he goes. Then that's the thing about Nick. He'll get you, and you'll have some really good critiques and observations. And you're like, you know what this is on point. And then he's like, yeah, Nazi Germany. And you're like, oh, it's like the.
Speaker A: Borax speech at the rodeo. Have you seen that? You know, you gotta look it up, because this is exactly it. Because he goes there, you know, they're already. And he's in Texas at a rodeo, right? And they already don't like him, you know, and it's all American flags out and everything. And he goes out into the arena to do a speech and he's like. He's like, yeah, I love America. You know, and everybody's, like, clapping because they're like, yo, this foreigner. And yeah. No. And then he's like. And I. I support your president and I support the war in Iraq, you know? And they're like, now they're going thunderous type deal. And he was like. He's like. And I. And I support the death of every man, woman and child in Iraq, you know, and they're still quiet, okay. But like, you kind of. It's kind of like, not as loud, but, like, people are still like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: But then he just like, more and more, and he's like, yeah.
Speaker A: And he's just getting more subversive type deal. And then the people are still like, yeah. Like, granted, there's not as many people clapping, but now there's people not only clapping, but like.
Speaker B: This man speaks to my soul, right?
Speaker A: Like, the zealots coming out, you know? And that's kind of like what. You kind of go into the soft talk, you know, right there. This world hunger, you know, I'm out. I'm out here in the streets of Arizona, and there's a lot of hungry people out there. We gotta. We gotta stop this hunger issue, right? And we're all agreeing with it, right? Yeah, yeah, that's right. And, you know, we really gotta control or regulate the blacks, you know, and it's like. And then you got these people that are, like, on the fence, but don't know, but then they're like. Then the other people are like, yeah. You know, it is this particular demograph of people that is causing this singular issue and. Or fixing it, you know, like, wild. So this dude's a Nazi?
Speaker B: Yeah. Right. Yeah.
Speaker A: But even. But even as that concerned Right. So the one dude that you're talking about, how he is, that he went to college with. Right, okay. And he was talking about, like, who you're not allowed making fun of kind of deal, all that weird kind of. In life, you know, if you just associate a concept with crazy, you know, or a conspiracy, you know. Yeah. What. Whether it has rational science behind it or not, you know, it's instantaneously dismissed.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. And so now, conspiracy theory aside, you know, and less conspiracy theory, but now you have this thought process that if you have any kind of political stance that is separate from the current update of democracy that they're giving us. Now, keep in mind, as me and you are concerned, we don't necessarily believe it to be a true open market democracy.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: But. But if you don't have the current thought process of the political theater, of how it stands now, Democrat, Republican, liberal, conservative kind of deal, that whole, like, structuring of it with the Wall street backing up the global financial structure and like that, and the. The Federal Reserve as a financial structure for a society. You're a Nazi.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: You know, and so it's really hard to. I mean, this guy blatantly, you know, but it's hard to change the. Or even question the political stance of something without. And then like, with conspiracy theory stuff, like, you know, a lot of them, like Tucker Carlson or whatever, I don't know a lot of these people, but they're like, man, we got to start coming out with new conspiracies because a lot of these are becoming true. Right? But like, but whenever we get to the realm of the political world, right, you're either communist Russia or you're, you know, the American democracy, Western democracy kind of deal. And there's no, like, anything else but that. But even the democracy that they're giving us isn't the fuzzing original democracy that we were running with in the first couple hundred years. Right? All right, so that's my tnt.
Speaker B: I like it. All right, I got something else completely. Completely unrelated.
Speaker A: That's correct.
Speaker B: There in discord yesterday in the KGL server chomping at the bit, yo, like, even more like one of them even went ahead and made their own server and was gonna run their own league or tournament. And then they even put it in our group chat, our thing, and they were like, we're doing a 3v3 search and destroy tournament. Winner gets $250. Once we get 250 members in the server, we're gonna do it. And that was cool. And people a Couple people seemed like they might have been into it, but. And then when I looked at how many people they hadn't, I didn't join the server, but they had. I think they hit 250. So I don't know, you know, and someone came in, was like, w donations. Like, you're all gonna donate to me. And then that was on October 4th. That was 10 days ago now. Dom yesterday posted, he said he did it. He was trying to respond into something else, but then was in the KGL and just said it and said, when are we doing something, y'?
Speaker A: All?
Speaker B: And tagged everyone. Then the guy who made the other league trying to recruit people and pay him 250 bucks came in and said, I wish y' all would bring this back. Then another one of the team owners came in and said, is this on? And then Dom put in a mic, tap gif. And I said, oh, Polo added everyone. And I put the Willem Dafoe in the back seat. And then the dude jumped in, was like, let's go. And then a whole nother person came in this morning at 6:38am and said, Boca 7 season. Because Black Ops 7 just came out. I was about to. Or whatever, right? So they're on it. They want it, Yo. They want this. And granted, you know, it's been, you know, a long time and all or whatever, I think it's definitely possible to bring this back and they really want to. And I might have. Oh, my goodness. I just realized, okay, how crazy. Anyways, so I was thinking, and I was like, you know, what? If we're running this back, then we need to solve the poop, right? And we need to solve a couple of things. We need to solve the time thing, which we can do some AI stuff. And then we also need to solve the money thing. And so I further developed the KGL crypto thing. Okay, this is what I got. So there's can a coin, which is like the can of crew token, and then there's KGL token, two separate tokens, okay? And all the numbers are made up, so they could be whatever. But essentially you'd have, like, there'd be like a billion can of crew tokens, and then there'd be like 500 million KGL tokens. Okay? And what we would do is we would go kind of like how we were talking with the can of coins, where there's, like, the different mechanisms to distribute them. And then it could be like engagement or content creation or whatever, right? We'll do the thing with the KGL tokens. Only we'll expand it into like, you know, commentating, making graphics, you know, different administrative things. So there's like, employees, and then there's also, like, people could make clips and get paid in KGL tokens, right? So it's like a little way to get KGL tokens. Then what you do is you have each. It's free to play, it's free to watch, it's free to participate in the league in a. Or tournament or whatever, right? However, if you want to make and manage a team, you have to mint a team nft. Okay? And the team NFT would be cheap. And like I said, remember, all the numbers are made up. So like 10, 20 bucks.
Speaker A: Because they got a fucking buy. Like the NFL or any other fucking professional league. They got a buy and own my team.
Speaker B: Yep. And so what this would do depending.
Speaker A: On how good their team is, you know, Depends on how valuable the fucking NFT is.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, hold on. So there's a. There's the nft, and it's strictly an ownership nft. So like, you want to enter a team. You meant an owner nft. And then you can have a team, right? And then there'll be something that happens where it's like initialized or the team is officially entered, or something will happen that'll trigger the creation. And it won't be on the mint necessarily, but it'll trigger the creation of a team token. So let's say we have the can of cadets, right? And you want to enter a team and you mint the token, you pay the 20 bucks. You meant the token. Kana cadets are now a KGL team for the season or tournament or whatever. And. And then we go ahead and us as the league, we mint 10,000 Canna cadet tokens. Like tokens where they're all the same. Not NFTs, they're all the same, right? And there's like 10,000. Remember, numbers are all made up. 10,000 tokens, okay? Now what we do is we take, for the owners get 20% of those tokens. So we would go and we'd say, remember, all numbers are made up. But we'd be like, okay, you went, you minted the can of cadet thing for 20 bucks. You get 2,000 Canna cadet tokens. We take the remaining 8,000 tokens and put them in a liquidity pool with KGL tokens, okay? So each team has a liquidity pool that their team token and KGL tokens in a pair, right? And then what happens is. And then the owner owns 20% of those tokens. Now the owner can go and contribute to the staking pool if they want because they got hella tokens so they can add real money to it, they can add gauge token to it and can and can of cadets, right? And increase the price or, or obtain a share of the LP so they can get some of the fees when it trades or whatever. Right? What we'll do though is when a team wins a game, we'll take a thousand kgl token and distribute it proportionally amongst all, all the team token holders. So if I thought that the can of cadets were gonna beat the taxman this week, I go buy, unless they were too expensive, I go buy a bunch of can of cadet tokens because I think they're gonna win and I want to get the rewards for the winning team. So I'm gonna have as much can cadet tokens as possible to try to win as much of the thousand token distribution as possible. And we could do another thing too, potentially where maybe a set percentage of the thousand goes to the holder of the ownership nft. So like you as the player or as the owner, you potentially could take your 2000 tokens and give them away or pay your players with them or something, or put them all, or put them all into the liquidity pool. And then, but you also, because you have the ownership NFT, you get like 200kgl out of the thousand for winning or something. You know what I mean? And so that was kind of the thing. Then another element of it was like a fantasy thing so that you could like pay 10 KGL tokens or whatever and then you could fill out a fantasy sheet and say I think this guy is gonna have the most kills. I think they're gonna pick this map the most. I think they're gonna, you know, this guy's gonna have the most hard point capturing time or, or something, right? Like, like fantasy football. But point for the esports, okay. And they have to pay to submit their sheet for the week or whatever, right? And, and then whoever does the best gets a payout, right, of like 300 kg or something, right? And potentially we could have, you know, and there's a lot of ways we could skin this. So like you could have where everyone puts in their 10 KGL tokens and then half of them go to the treasury and then the other half is the payout for the fantasy for the week. So like if 10 people play then they get 50 KGL tokens for the winner or 100 people play, they get 500 KGL tokens for the winner, right? And so it's like something that could happen with our tokens that's not gambling but that also is strictly for viewers and non players, right? So like anybody could be involved in any contribute to the volume. And then there's one other element and it would be like weekly or seasonal MVP voting and essentially you'd take your KGL tokens and stake them so you could vote on who the MVP was and then they would win, you know, whatever. And so, and so we would have these tokens, the KGL tokens and we'd have tokenomics so like a percentage of them would go into the treasury and then also we would skim into the treasury. We'd skim LP fees like liquidity pool trading fees, NFT mint funds and shit like that would go into the treasury and then all the payouts would come out of the treasury.
Speaker A: This is going to be backed by.
Speaker B: The scums potentially, right? Yeah, and so not. And, and I don't think we even need to like put our ADA in there. Maybe some ADA comes out to like I like I have some projections where maybe it'll cost us like 60 bucks to get everything all minted, you know because there's like fees for minting like the 0.28 or whatever and then like there's fees to create contracts but it's very inexpensive and maybe we, and we'll have to like front that. But I think that like I don't think, I think having the teams pay to enter is pretty straightforward. Having players pay to enter I think is not legitimate. And then also like so what this does is it puts pretty much anybody can participate and earn KGL tokens as much as they want, right? Like you could buy the team tokens and try to win them. You can participate in clip shit and earn tokens or you could commentate or you could do whatever, right? If the people who pay money I. E. They buy team tokens or they added the liquidity pool or they buy NFTs to own teams, they get paid out, right? Like off top the team owner gets hella team tokens that they could around with, right? Granted they granted at the beginning they won't carry any value. But if your team's ball and buying your team token the can of cadet tokens worth 10 KGL tokens like that's balling, right? I mean as far as whatever KGL token get you, right? But and then there's you know, so that was kind of what I got and I have pages I have like A web page and a document that I kind of made and I could send you over. But that was pretty much the gist of it. Don says, can the. Can the AI run all that for us? I'm assuming it's handling the airdrops, most of the processes not well. So for the crypto thing, the AI is not even really part of it. Right. Like, it's a smart contract that will submit this team one.
Speaker A: Infrastructure.
Speaker B: Yeah. The AI tools are going to be more for the admin, they're going to be more for creating schedules and, you know, all that parsing. Be able to take a screenshot of Stack, give it to the robot and say, update the database, the stat database. Like that's great. You know, like all that kind of. That was so tedious. Making the schedule is the big one. That is robots, people signing up. Right. Like interact with the Discord Bot to sign up or as a player, enter the free agent pool kind of deal. You're interested. But that was kind of the gist. And then there would be an LT that would be can a coin and KGL tokens. Right. And there's one. There's one thing that's a little odd, but could be good or could be made to be good is what happens with a new season. Because like the now. So currently with the plan, it goes like this. The team token, the KGL token rolls over every season. The team tokens are only good for a season. And so we have to have some kind of mechanism where there's like a burning. It's either like with the KGL tokens, we should probably burn a bunch that we have on hand, or we've accumulated over the season and then reissue new tokens into the pool. Like the Robot kept saying 500 million. So like, yeah, 500 million for season, for this season. And then in the next season, you'll like burn 20% of the tokens in the treasury and then mint a new 500 million and start the process all over again. And. And then, which is. That is pretty common in projects apparently, is a smart contract format that you can use that can allow you to mint new tokens and stuff. So you do that kind of deal and it'll keep the same policy ID and contract id. And then with the team tokens, we do something where they'd be seasonal and then we'd have some kind of mechanism to either. We'd either just burn all the ones that existed or whatever, or. Or just ignore them and start a new contract, or we do something where you could like swap them, like swap last season's team for this season's team.
Speaker A: But yeah, but if you don't do it in a whipping time when you get autobar.
Speaker B: Yeah, but then also I'm thinking with the lp, it's kind of gonna handle it, right? So like if, if you know that the C season is about to end and these tokens are worthless at the after the season, right, like the team tokens, then you're gonna go start dumping your team tokens for KGL tokens, right? Because the KGL are going to carry over and then, and then so I would think by the end of the season all the team tokens go to zero because everyone's dumping them for KGL to try to get to the next season with more tokens or something with more kgl so they could buy up more team tokens or something. But then also in this whole plan and the tokenomics is like airdrops to skunks. So like we'll have some kind of thing. Guns will get something where they can earn, can accrue and KGL tokens and then that way we can have people in there gambling off top, you know, like people actually participating. Well, hey, you know, when we start type of deal. I also think this is something that we could go in like if the P's and Q's were all in order, that this is something that we go into like the Cardano weed pool and get like interest in investors type thing.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: I think granted, you know, how do you invest? You buy fucking KGL tokens.
Speaker A: But no further.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think, I think it's pretty good. The robots, I tried Google and I tried Grok and they were both really hardcore about the gambling thing and they were like, you cannot do gambling or prediction markets. Like if you're like every time when I was trying to do that, it would give me a disclaimer at the beginning of every message. I am not an attorney, AI. You need to talk to legal counsel before you do anything with gaming and, and gambling. And so that was interesting. So what I did is I. So that's why I came up with a different way to do it that wasn't direct gambling. Because I still think the direct gambling and the model that we came up with before is amazing because of that, that fight vibe, you know, the whole, yeah, the cockpit vibe pretty much like the gambling is just. It creates a whole thing, you know, and then that feeds itself. So but avoid avoiding that by just having LPs with tokens. They all get paid out and then yeah, it'll be interesting though because like how do we handle, how do we handle like if we have the team tokens staked in the LP pool and then the winners go like your tokens can't be staked to claim your winnings or something. I don't know, what do you think.
Speaker A: This is where it seems complicated? Well, yeah, yeah, no, because a lot of things are like that. Like you can't have your stick to claim the reward kind of stuff, right?
Speaker B: So you got to choose, right? You got to choose either to have your, to get the fees for people trading or to try to get the winning.
Speaker A: Right? Are you looking for, are you paper hands or you diamond hands?
Speaker B: Because what it seems like is like so let's say there was a lot of interesting things will develop out of this too, like how people interact. It'll take a few run throughs to kind of figure it out. Like, like imagine there's a team that's not the favorite to win, but you don't necessarily go load up on their tokens. You go load up on LP share so that when everyone's dumping their tokens, you're making tokens. You know, I mean like it's a weird kind of. And I don't know, like the incentives, right? And the arbitrage incentives, like where are they and how do they lie? And like what's gonna like is there exploitation potential or is there like, I don't know, it's interesting. Like there's definitely a way to gain it, right? And so if people are hit to that, then they do that and that, you know, and if there's a way to game it, then that's gonna create volume, right? But like, I don't know man, it's fucking an interesting, interesting thing and I think people fuck with it because here's the real thing is you can get us you. We could have a situation where there's only eight people with tokens, right? And then like only the skunks and some randos are really participating in the team things but. Or like nobody could participate in any of those and the league would still function because the tokens aren't part of the league running except for that you have to mint the one to enter your team, right? Like you could be a player and get recruited by a team owner and come in and play a bunch of games and then that's it. Like you don't have to get a wallet, you don't have to get any tokens, you don't have to do any of it. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Right. You can just get, you can just pay play and get paid up by your manager, whatever you presume to say.
Speaker B: Yeah, if they're trying to pay you out and.
Speaker A: But then also you can, because, like, think about it. Crypto dude could be like, yo, I'm. I'm making some fetti fetty wap, so I need to. Maybe if I invest a little more, I'd be winning games too, and not just.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Making money on the gamble.
Speaker B: Yep, exactly. And then if you're bought in on your team, you get your tokens or lean on your owner to give you tokens.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: And then. Because the other way was there was owner NFTs and player NFTs and fan NFTs. And I think the biggest hiccups for me was the player nft. Just the way that the league works, the owners are always the most involved, right? Like the most involved person in the league is an owner. Because they either were on a team and then decided, you know what, I want to start my own, or they came in and then they're like meeting people and they're like paying attention to the schedule. And I think the players don't. Players will go like, well, I don't really want to play this week. Or, I don't know, you know, my friend just asked me. Or I just found this. And they're not really invested and they're significantly more forward, flaky. So, like the idea that players have their own token and then like, when they're done being a player, they could like, trade it. Like, just like if they're not a crystal person, are they even gonna do that? Are they even gonna care about that? Are they just gonna delete the wallet and let the NFP sit in their deleted wallet?
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: You know what I mean? Like, and then we're out a thing and then it's like, ah.
Speaker A: So this is what I'm thinking, right? And I'll be honest, I've spaced out for a majority of it, but I definitely got the general consensus because we've been talking about it for, you know, some time. Right. But what I'm thinking is we only do the owner NFT process and the can of coin system like that, right. And. And then, then we kind of put it into the hands of the. As a person on how he wants his team to participate. Right? His team to participate.
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker A: Be like, what you got? You want to join me? Can the gaming league and you guys want to try making some fabia and all that. Weird. And we've already been talking about the crypto stuff like this is what's going on. You want to form a team or become a team manager, you gotta buy one of the NFTs. You know, SA given, you know, just that base amount of candle coins say same season. Right. We meant a hundred thousand cannon. Right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So. And then. So sorry. And. And we're sure. Do we want to. I guess real quick before I continue, do we want a limit on how many teams. Well, we're gonna have to.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Based on bracket and stuff. Right. And it's got to be even number too.
Speaker B: I mean it would be nice if it was even, but there's a way to do it without it.
Speaker A: All right, so we're. We're just gonna say argument sake. Right now it'll be 24 team owner NFTs. Right. And so there's 24 teams, different managers. Right. And then we have a hundred thousand candle coins that we've printed up. Right. And so what happens is we give right off hand the thousand can of coins to each manager. Right. And then a thousand for a cell. That's a quarter of the hundred thousand. And what we can do with that is they can either make it, use it to pay players, whatever. Right. And then we got this 75000 candy coins that based on how the Caesar breaks down, this is basically the prize money kind of, you know. Right. And then. But the thing is simultaneous to that is we're gonna have the people as they're watching the different games, they're, you know, maybe they're wagering those can of coins, but wager whatever.
Speaker B: No, you just turned that. So you must have not heard the part where we can't gamble.
Speaker A: All right, well, ignore that wagering score. I thought. I thought that was kind of compensation.
Speaker B: And that's why. And that's why the LP system with the meme token I think does that without it being that. Right. Like. Like you, like we'd see. Oh, okay. The cannon cadets are the favorite because one can. A cadet Token is worth 20 KGL tokens right now. And the taxman, well, you know, they're trading at about 0.7 KGL tokens right now. So we're gonna say the Cannock death are probably the favorite because everybody wants the can of cadets token because they want part of the winnings. You get what I'm saying? Because I think that's not. I think the system I made is complicated on the back end when I'm trying to explain it, but I think as far as a user goes, it's very simple. It's. It's quite literally mint a token to become a team, receive team tokens. As the team owner, you have, you own 20%. Remember, numbers are all made up. You own 20% of all of the team tokens because you're the team owner and you put $20 on it. Right? Like we could go, I would like to not have the money they put in for the NFTs to be direct to the LP. But we could do that or like half of it or something. Where it starts off with all with 8000 remaining can of cadet tokens on mint are worth $10 in the LP, right? Because we put $10 worth of KGL tokens in there or whatever. I don't know. All that's irrelevant and that's what makes it sound complicated. Here's the thing.
Speaker A: I think I understand it and let me, let me attempt to explain it as you explain it to me. So we have these, not necessarily mean coins, but I want to say these farm coins, right?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Where it's like you have like this temporary fiat backed by something that's not temporary, right?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And like, like hey, I gotta stake this worthless coin, right? But I gotta convert that towards something into this worthless coin to try to make that price gap before the coin loses value. Right?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And so what I was thinking is we have this, for example, we have this farm pool we'll call it. And. And we have Cardano coins. But you have these, each of these different team coins, right? And then basically after each of.
Speaker B: End.
Speaker A: Of each game they play, we kind of distribute the coins in such a fashion that you know, affects the value of it in the form kind of deal.
Speaker B: I think I lost you somewhere in there. So like at the end of the game. What? Okay, hold on.
Speaker A: Like say the canon Cadet are going against the big bits, right? And motherfucking Canada Cadets lost and the digs won. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna release more can cadet coins to the market because the more coins they are, the less valuable they are.
Speaker B: No, no, it's more like this in the way I was saying it. It was we pay the. The LPS are KGL tokens and team tokens and the team tokens are can of cadet tokens or taxman's, their dig bits, their Boogaloo Crew tokens, whatever, right? So all the LPs are KGL. And also we can't stop someone from creating an LP with a token on chain, right? So Someone else could make another LP linking our share it with something else if they want it. But we otherwise they're gonna have to trade into KGL tokens in order to get the team tokens. Right? And granted there's some automaticness that happens on these dexes where you can come with one and then it'll trade it through two pools so you can get to the other one without manually having to do it. But that's neither here nor there. So you have KGL and team token sit together in a liquidity pool whenever someone wins. And this is why it's important that it's KGL tokens and not ada. Okay? Because we have control over the supply of the KGL tokens. Right?
Speaker A: Right, right, right. Because, well, whatever we want to do, whenever a particular team wins, we want to increase the value of that coin.
Speaker B: No, not hear me out here.
Speaker A: Now, sorry.
Speaker B: We're not directly involving ourselves with the LP necessarily as the KGL is concerned. Okay, Maybe if we want to, but that's not necessarily part of it. So we're not necessarily putting tokens into the KGL pool or into the team token pools except when we start them. Right? And so what we would do is we would literally airdrop all the holders of the team tokens, KGL tokens, when the team wins. So like let's say there's a thousand. Let's say there's 10,000 team tokens that exist, okay? And the owner owns 2,000 of them and then the LP has 8,000 of them. Let's say nothing happens and nobody trades anything on the lto and you do.
Speaker A: Is give them KGL tokens based on how many team tokens they all.
Speaker B: That's exactly it. So we would say that there'd be a thousand KGL token prize to the winning team, right? Or to the winning team token holders. So we take that thousand KGL tokens and then distribute that amongst all the holders of the winning team token based on how many team tokens they hold. So you as the team owner of the KANA cadets were issued 2,000 tokens when you minted the team and you held them, which means that you're going to receive 20%. Because 2,000 out of 10,000 is 20%. You're going to receive 20% of the KGL tokens that get distributed to winners. So you're going to get 200 KGL tokens because you old 2000 team tokens of the winning team. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: It's air day and huh.
Speaker B: I do yeah, so like, so what will happen is because you know, as a viewer or as a player or as whatever or as a commentator or league admin or whatever that the winning team token holders are gonna get KGL tokens at the end of the game, right? So what you do is you'll go, if, if the tokens are trading really low, you're gonna go scoop a bunch of can of cadet tokens because you think they're gonna win and it's gonna pay you out in KGL tokens, right?
Speaker A: Hold on.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: The last four words.
Speaker B: So like you as a viewer or whomever as a human, you're gonna go, hey, I think the Canada cadets are gonna win and their lp. So I need to go get some of their team tokens from the LP because I want to get some of their winnings. I want to earn KGL token when they win. So I need their team token and so I'm gonna go buy them from.
Speaker A: The liquidity pool which is set it up. I don't know. Let me help you. But you can. I hit TV because you're setting up that particular button. All right, so I think I understand. I'm exhausted.
Speaker B: So if you hold a team token and that team wins, you get a percentage based on how many tokens you hold of the KGL winnings for the team.
Speaker A: Oh, I was gonna say we should put like a time allotment kind of deal because we don't want a bunch of people like say the one game is one sided and the rest like all right, I'm gonna fucking go buy a bunch of.
Speaker B: Yeah, well the price is gonna go up because it's an lp, right? You're gonna pull one out, it's gonna put the price up. So like at some point, like if it costs a thousand KGL tokens for one team token, it's not worth it because the max distribution is a thousand. And you'll never get those thousand kgls off this one unless you're trying to hold it. You think it's gonna go up even further somehow. So like there's a weird dynamic that's gonna play out in these L people that I don't know exactly how that's gonna work, but I do know that later into the game when you think they're gonna win, what's gonna happen is I don't think people. Unless the price, there's gonna be like a point in which the price is too high to justify buying the team token like when they're about to win because your payout isn't going to eclipse that. Right. But what I think would happen is people would start dumping the losing team token. Right? Because you want to claim as many KGL tokens out of the LP as you can before it goes to bugging, zero after they lose or whatever. Right. But then what that does is that if someone's watching, there's a comeback you and they start to do the comeback, you go over to the LP of the comeback team, start buying those cheap tokens, and you come out on top. You know what I'm saying? Like, there's a lot of gambling type things that could happen if someone's really like motivated and focused on it and paying attention. That I think could really do numbers on the volume, which is where we make money, is off the volume. Because we'll be LP holders and all that. Kind of.
Speaker A: Yeah. Because then they're gonna be like, yo, we got this coin that's capped at this low amount, but the trade volume higher than the amount that's available.
Speaker B: And so we're like. And we're getting a little bit. And we get a little piece of that into the treasury every time. And then you as an individual, if you contribute to that lp, then you get that too as your own person. Like, it's all the merits of blockchain and crypto. And it's like in game currency that's tradable in the real world, which is what made the gambling sketch, by the way. And also, it was just AI that was telling me this so it wasn't like actually a real lawyer.
Speaker A: Right, right.
Speaker B: But yeah, exactly, because I was trying to be like, well, how come they can gamble Twitch points? And it was like, because you can't spend Twitch points off of Twitch. It's a closed system. You can't buy Twitch points and you can't trade them for cash. So you do whatever you want with them. It's not exchanging money.
Speaker A: But the crypto, just like the Discord Mackie or whatever the fuck, the Maki points.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker A: As far as they're concerned, it's the game doing gambling simulation.
Speaker B: So I think, I don't know, I kind of like this because I think that someone who wants to start a team, right. If we can't get 20 bucks out of them and fuck, you know, for like the whole.
Speaker A: Onto something. Right. I think I'm a genius. So you got something like T Fuel, right?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And. And the Theta. And they're like, hey, you watch my little fake YouTube channels, I'll give you coinage based on how much GPU you're giving us, right? So what if we had like a. Excuse me, it's all developing slowly in my head, right? What I was thinking originally, before I just changed my mind and didn't tell you I did, is that what if we did like straight up gambling simulation. You go in there and it's a little video game where you walk around to the different tables and like that. But you know, the longer that you're in there, we're using your gpu, right? And you're farming cryptocurrency potentially while staying in this virtual world and gambling. And the gambling currency is separate than the crypto stuff, right? You're just in that little video game world using that video game currency, you know, and you're just getting rewarded it for logging in and playing. And the only way you can spend it is in the game. But we want you in the game longer because you're fucking farming us the cryptocurrency, right? But then I was thinking mentally the casino thing, because this isn't gambling, right? This is something different. But it's a arcade, right? And you gotta select your different games and you actually use like insert coin now, right? But it's a real crypt kind of deal. But the longer you're there gaming, the more you're farming back. Is that too complicated?
Speaker B: So it's like, like the arcade, but they spend it in.
Speaker A: You know, I think we talked about this before, like, like if you Ganga 8bit games kind of deal like dip fall and open source usage, right? It's just the alchemization of it and you can play it directly on your little dap wallet, you know, and you can spend coins to play and you can also win coins.
Speaker B: For just participating, right?
Speaker A: I don't know. Because it's. The spider web keeps growing. Because then I was like, you know what if you got this little waiter grant kind of deal for the KGL where they got these coins that don't mean nothing but they use them to play little games or whatever, right? So what are some little baby foot steps we can make towards that kicking back of the cannabis? So Tom's palms look like they're going to be doing a lot of boxes. I think I talked about this last time too, but like alchemy, a list for people to hit up about boxes. Do we, do we agree? You know what you think 30 bonds. That's what we did last time, right? Chill pipe.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: How many did we get from Special K last time?
Speaker B: I don't remember. 20 or something, I think.
Speaker A: Did we play with all three? Or did we play with all 20? Or how. What were we.
Speaker B: Do we do what?
Speaker A: Well, I guess two things. Did we. Did we play the ring toss with all 20 of the bombs? You know, like had X amount out and we were rotating the rest in kind of deal. And then. Do we remember how much we paid for those 20 bombs?
Speaker B: I remember they charged us. And we never paid them.
Speaker A: Oh, we never paid them.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Oh, God.
Speaker B: But we have spoken since then, and they've actually given us money since then.
Speaker A: For what?
Speaker B: He bought shirts when they came out, when the Special K dude came out in March. And then also all the bond. Because we actually only gave away a couple of those bongs at the kickback because not a lot of people played the ring toss. But then we ended up giving away all those bongs at ring toss. When he came out, we played ring toss at the high lounge and pretty much all those bonks got given away. So that's why it was just kind of like, no, not at all. So. But they could bring it up. But yeah, I think it was 20 bunks or 15, maybe even.
Speaker A: Delicate. But I was gonna reach out. I was to kill Pipe to the. Because we know. I mean, he gave us 30 last time. We're asking for the fit him out again.
Speaker B: Oh, wait, say one more time.
Speaker A: Because he gave us 30 last time, right?
Speaker B: Chill.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Because that's what we asked for. But he can give us as many as we want.
Speaker A: I think 30 is all we're gonna need, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right. Damn. The trajectory just doesn't add up. Atlas is moving on a path, so it's less than 5 degrees from the equivalent plane. The odds of that happening randomly is 1 in 500.
Speaker B: And it has close to Venus, Mars and Jupiter.
Speaker A: Like sun. No one actually planted that way. Engineers designed the Voyager's path the exact same way. Multiple planets, one journey. But here's the thing. When ATLAS reaches the closest point to the sun on October 29, Earth would be on the opposite side. As far away as physically possible. Now, why would an interstellar object visit other planets but avoid Earth? Is this really just a rock? Harding Coming soon. The trajectory is. I live in Arizona right now. Massive nest. You would do hell long for a family of four. We've got millions of free shelf. Frustrated by your lack of energy. NASA never wanted to. On a routine mission, they accidentally filmed something massive. Something that matches ancient descriptions of biblical angels. The very beings written about thousands of years ago.
Speaker B: This footage.
Speaker A: All right. Hey, it's getting that time of Year again. We're starting to get ready for our charity event this year. We really liked what you did last year and was hoping we can do the same thing again this year. Just let me know on the kill pipe for a second. What do we want to say to homeboy?
Speaker B: Asking if you want to come participate.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's what I was.
Speaker B: Yeah. You know, with the gifts or the. As a vendor or whatever. It.
Speaker A: Yeah. We're getting ready for our charity event for us to simmer and we wanted to know if you wanted to participate. Come through, set up a booth, whatever. Just let us know. Home loan. Try to hit up like Cherry Bomb or something like that. You got a whole. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: I think any of those people that are Arizona that we interacted with at Champs. I think you got Cherry Bomb. I think you got Brian Jacobs. Maybe even that dude from Payson owner.
Speaker A: It. Okay, well, Arizona.
Speaker B: It.
Speaker A: What else did you say?
Speaker B: What do you mean?
Speaker A: You said that was the one dude.
Speaker B: Brian Jacobs.
Speaker A: Brad Jacobson glass.
Speaker B: It. Yeah. Damn. Holy hell. What's up? Where's your kidnap? I think that kitten thinks Belongo is his dad or something. What up? Because it'll like come up and cuddle up on Belongo and like let him lick them all over and all kinds of of weird. But we can't touch him. Oh.
Speaker A: People massage. Baby steps. Baby steps. Christmas decorations. I know that Anything. Let's see here. Strange. I figure after Halloween we'll have a backup like box making and make the boxes and get rid of the drop of walls.
Speaker B: Sure. We can get. Dude, should we do the custom gift wrap?
Speaker A: Oh yeah. If we do that, we need to do that like immediate.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: But I'm not. I know the problem.
Speaker B: I think that like if we put Shanto on there like can of Claus and some shit like that, like people might buy that. Like someone might buy a roll of that gift wrap.
Speaker A: Oh, that's fact.
Speaker B: Right? Like that might be. It might actually make it somebody.
Speaker A: Huh. All right. So Ash session down. She just said when aware. I said December 6th, cocaine, Arizona. We're hosting out a Chinese restaurant. And I can send you more details as soon as I can.
Speaker B: Who is that?
Speaker A: Ash.
Speaker B: Oh, she hit back already.
Speaker A: Yeah. Cherry boss.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker A: All right. Is it local? Oh, should I also tell her that Tell all you other glass blower friends?
Speaker B: Yeah, tell her we want. We want to showcase some local talent.
Speaker A: I. I messaged her back through Facebook messenger. I guess I don't. So now I gotta go to Instagram and I don't see it. All right. And Tell her what? And.
Speaker B: Tell anybody else you think might be interested because we want to showcase local glass.
Speaker A: Yeah, I said in town. Anybody else you think might be interested, we would love to show off some local glass. Boom. And she has like a glass blowing, like, school studio thing where she got like. Because, like, no, we went to the glass Vegas or whatever, and they're like, oh, hell, that pearl right down the road, you know, like. Like there's a click. Then like there's a little local Arizona glass blowing click kind of deal. And also we have manufacturer level people, you know, and we got the petty one off level. Like we're losing for azk, Right. I think that's something where we draw out a big ass, fat ass plan, right? It takes a year to execute it. And we straight up get the Lucci Scabuchi together and do it like, rent the facility, hire the people, put out the advertisement, rent the billboard, have people talk about it on the radio kind of deal, have it in a nice, open, centralized location, all that. But this is one thing I was thinking about, right? We would have to get glass blowers from other states and stuff though, because we just wouldn't be able to get enough people locally.
Speaker B: Maybe.
Speaker A: Shall be bigger. Bigger than the Lighthouse of Alexandria. I don't know what kind of dodging argument about something. So whenever that happens, I get Alice cut. Okay, what was it even about? Oh, it was over the hand roll. She wanted to teach me how to do a hand rule a certain way. And I said that Sean taught me how to roll a hand rule. And then she said that I was refusing to try to learn from her. And then I said, no, I'll do whatever you want me to do. If you want me to learn this way, I'll learn it that way. And then she refused to teach me because she said I was too cocky. And then she took my mom to the back of the kitchen and yelled at her about, really? Yeah. And since then.
Speaker B: It'S been a little different.
Speaker A: Right? It's like every time I think I'm making a breakthrough kind of deal up, right? And like last year, by ready to give me the reins, you know, talking about how stressed out she's doing sushi all the time. Like, and then the one day somebody orders some salmon, Sami, right? And it's four slices the fish, right? And I got four slices out, and I'm like, yo, I got the sashimi. Like, I'm doing this thing, you know? And she's like, those are no good. I can't even use those. And Then she used three of my four fish slices.
Speaker B: Yeah. What's so difficult about cutting sashimi?
Speaker A: So you have to cut the fish at an angle. No. All right, I don't. That's not even true either, because it depends how the fish is. You have to have it a certain size, right? And then if you do cut it at an angle, it has to be the same thickness. So a lot of times when people cut at an angle, they taper one side with a thick in one way or the other. So it's thick on one side and it's taper thin on the other side.
Speaker B: Yeah, uniformity, that's the difficulty.
Speaker A: All right, look, apparently three out of four was fucking uniform enough to use, but yet I got told none of it was good and then was penalized. It wasn't even that bad because that. That fourth piece, I had to make another roll because it's for the same order that needed salmon inside of it. So I was able to use that piece for inside the roll. So it's not like anything got wasted. And I see her fuck up sushi all the time. That's another thing. I think that's the biggest thing that frustrates me. Like, she'll yell at me for doing a mistake, and then she'll do the same mistake I just got yelled after doing. Especially cutting the fish. And sometimes when you're cutting the fish, right, it's in a section where you have to debone it. So, like, the fish needs kind of like perforated because you just ripped a big ass bone through it.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: You have to cut the. So you have to cut those sections off because you can't use them for sushi, but you can put them on top of a roll or inside of a roll. As soon as I think I get there, like, I start giving less time on the cutting board. It's hard to catch. I wish I stayed in a dish pit. Frankie. This is why I never applied myself at school. Perhaps the best blunt military at the road blunts the side of Blessington. Yeah, I'm coming. I keep coming up the brilliant. So a lot of these fools do, like. And especially it's a way to, like, get a. Like, use other people's content and make it your own, right? And you have these, like, reaction videos where, like, there's this dude, like, point to the side of the camera, like, oh, you know, right. King AI, the person reacting now.
Speaker B: Oh, 100, yo.
Speaker A: Like, like. Because I was like, I always want to, like, you do these videos, you know, where, like, we're like, I'm seeing the thing or enjoying it or whatever, but I never actually wanted to be me.
Speaker B: Oh, yo, what about the reefer report?
Speaker A: Oh. Oh, my God.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: Frankie, stop what you're doing.
Speaker B: Well, I'm just smoking a bomb, to be honest with you.
Speaker A: All right, never mind. Continue to do what you're doing.
Speaker B: Right. Because report's perfect for that.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: We do, like, cartoon characters, I think.
Speaker A: I think we do two things. We make two posts today. I think we should sit down and make the time to do it, especially because for one, you're just sitting down, smoking along. But for two, I'm about ready to be sitting down just smoking the blind. But hit Reddit real quick, you know, get abcd. You know, dude, I didn't get on AI the dude in a business suit kind of deal. Feed him the script. Oh, the whole. The whole thing.
Speaker B: Now let's make the dude more awe inspiring. More like he's got something melting off his forehead or something.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Where like, his existence is a draw to watch the video more to like.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, take my good hand kind of thing. Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: So just a little bit of mental space and time to process that guy.
Speaker A: Right. And then simultaneous. Right. We're gonna take a clip from a weed movie or a stoner movie or a comedy or whatever the. Right, okay. Where gonna make it? AI dude just doing menial reactions, like laughing and various things like that. Or like little one liners like, oh, that's so silly. You know, and we make him a little AI stoner, and we put them up side by side to the cliff, you know, and we run it.
Speaker B: And.
Speaker A: We got two pieces of content we can jump on out.
Speaker B: Okay, what was the second one? Sorry.
Speaker A: We're just gonna take a pre existing clip from, like, something, you know, the big. Oh. From like the Big Lebowski or something stupid like that, you know, and then just have somebody reacts to it.
Speaker B: Oh, reaction video to a movie clip.
Speaker A: Correct.
Speaker B: Okay. And then both these things need to be a minute.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: I did AI search for top cannabis related news. Here's something that might be interesting. Marijuana rescheduling. The DEA has yet to finalize the cannabis rescheduling decision. We have a video about them talking about doing that from, like, a year or two ago.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: So, like, the news is that they're still thinking about rescheduling. They still haven't rescheduled it two years later.
Speaker A: You know, hold on. Maybe. And then we make some sort of joke where it's like, maybe after some of the states got recreation, they just got high. And for guy, what were we gonna do with Candidus again?
Speaker B: This sounds like almost like a John St. Stewart reefer report kind of thing.
Speaker A: Oh yeah, right.
Speaker B: Like they get like it's the news, then there's like reaction to it, assessment, poke fun at it and then you know, like that kind of deal.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: Crack a joke, little thing, maybe another little can come in. Like could be. So it could either be super on point or super ridiculous and unrelated. You know what I mean? Like how they like on those talk shows how sometimes I'll just be like. And to celebrate the signing of the declaration. Depends. Here's. Here's a monkey wearing a sombrero playing a banjo. And then that just comes like 10 seconds. Like okay. Or maybe less on Tick Tock.
Speaker A: But.
Speaker B: So you know, there's possible unrelated thing that pops in to push it over the minute or whatever. But. And then also this. The more act, the more ACT expansion. The Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment and Expungement More act, which would remove cannabis from the federal Controlled Substance act and allow for nationwide expungement of prior offenses, has gained its 57th congressional sponsor.
Speaker A: I need to get one of those metal clothesline. Feels like wrapped in the grubber. Now skin off.
Speaker B: Okay, so here you go. I did the perplexity search top. Let's actually turn this on. I did. So we're gonna make. What's the. What's the goal again, Gilbert?
Speaker A: Do an AI reefer report and the AI reaction video.
Speaker B: And what we're doing is we're creating. We're gonna make an AI avatar that's gonna be like the human in the corner, like a TikTok video. And then. And we're gonna play the. In the background, green screen style.
Speaker A: Right? Crop the background out. You sitting there pointing, doing the thing, whatever.
Speaker B: So for the Reaper report report, it's going to be cannabis news, obviously. So I just did a perplexity search for top. Today's top cannabis stories. I'll just read it real quick. So it's on the recording. Today's top cannabis stories focus on federal policy debates, state level regulation battles, new industry opportunities, social impacts. Here's an overview of some of the most Relevant developments from October 15, 2025. Federal Policy News. Trump administration hesitation. The Trump administration continues to face pressure to classify to clarify its stance on rescheduling marijuana industry. Stakeholders remain uncertain and there are fewer signals of imminent policy change despite widespread calls for reform. GOP Senator regulatory proposal Senator Thom Tillis Republican North Carolina publicly advocated for a federal regulatory framework for cannabis, suggesting excise taxes and streamline congressional oversight as part of a national legalization effort. Congressional sponsorship rises the MORE act, which would end federal cannabis prohibition and expunge certain convictions, gained a 57th congressional sponsor, signaling increased legislative support but still lacking Republican backing. State and local Developments California's governors Veto governor Gavin Newsom veto bill that would have allowed direct shipment of medical cannabis to patients, reflecting ongoing concern over market shrinkage and tightening regulations. An Ohio Judge temporarily blocked Governor DeWine's executive order banning intoxicating hemp products, impacting local vacant shops and manufacturers. The Michigan Cannabis Industry association has filed a lawsuit against the state's new wholesale tax, arguing it violates voter approved statutes. Social and Health Issues Blunt Smoking on the Rise A new study revealed that marijuana blunt use has surged significantly nationwide, especially among women, older adults and non drinkers. Legalization Health impact research continues to highlight that cannabis legalization correlates with decreased opioid overdose rates, suggesting important public health benefits. Industry and Advocacy Higher Potential Scholarship Day savers, in partnership with 25 industry players, awarded over $25,000 in cannabis scholarships to aspiring professionals. Thank you. Advocacy Calls for Collaboration the Marijuana Policy Project released an open letter to industry urging partnerships. Admits political uncertainty and evolving market dynamics Legal and Regulatory Headlines Supreme Court on Guns and Cannabis Ah, the US Supreme Court heard cases about federal bans on gun ownership for marijuana consumers, with further discussion expected later this week. We should follow that story a lot because that's one that we kind of they fucked with. State board meetings Local cannabis boards such as Boston's are convening soon to address new licensing and market regulations. These stories illustrate the shifting legal, health and business landscape of cannabis in the US as of today, with continued spotlight on regulatory framework and market evolution. Okay, hear me out. We should fucking host a long form debate between two people about the weed and cannabis thing. Like two people with credentials that could potentially look like a cop and, and a hippie or whatever, you know. And, and they debate on whether or not it should be legal for if you know on that on cannabis and guns and how that lines up and how that whatever you, you know I think that we could do that and we could host that at like ASU in one of their little rooms. We get like the Young Americans for Liberty to help put it on or something right? Because you need a club on campus and they can use the faculties for free. So like for facilities and then like that's a long flight thing that we can clip the out of and refill all kinds of stuff that's like, that's some right there. Johnny Car Gilbert so yeah, Johnny boy. Because that one, I was thinking this is right in his wheelhouse, which potentially aligns all of us up together for something which is good. But anyways, back, back, back, back. Supreme Court on Guns in Cannabis GOP Senator Pushes Federal Cannabis that's not it. Maybe it is. Supreme Court Acts on Marijuana Gun Case all of that was from the same article. Okay, so hold on, let's see. Supreme Court denies one case on gun rights for marijuana consumers, but Justices will discuss several others this week. The U.S. supreme Court has narrowed its list of pending cases concerning the federal ban on gun ownership with people who use marijuana, with justice declining take up one of about a half dozen, with the others now set to be discussed by the justice at a closed door meeting on Friday. On Tuesday, the court denied a petition for cert for cert in U.S. v. Baxter, which involves a challenge to the federal statute known as section 922G3. That isn't especially surprising, however, as both the Justice Department and Kishan Davion Baxter, the man being prosecuted in the case, advised against further pursuing the matter after a lower court reinstated his conviction for being an unlawful user of a controlled substance in possession of a firearm. That came back after the case was remanded back from the U.S. court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit. But advocates are closely monitoring a series of other related cases contesting that constitutionality of the gun ban for cannabis consumers, which they say violates the Second Amendment. DOJ specifically, specifically asked justices to take up one case in particular on the issue while holding on to the others for later action. That case, USD Hamani, involves a person convicted of possessing a firearm while using cannabis and cocaine and participating in illicit drug sales. What the fuck? It's viewed as an easier dispute that would favor the government given the involvement of drugs beyond marijuana. Yeah, no fucking shit. So the DOJ says no, no, no, let's focus on this one where he's also on cocaine so nobody's gonna fucking want him to have a gun. And then we'll be like, yeah, so cocaine and cannabis. Yeah, that guy. No, they're kind of going with either of them. Crazy. The multiple pending cases were scheduled to be discussed in a closed door meeting last week. It's unclear if that happened, but the dockets on the remaining cases were updated on Tuesday to indicate that the justices are now planned. You consider them the Friday Besides Hamani, the other pending cases on gun rights for marijuana consumers set to be discussed at this week's private conference are US v. Cooper, USv Daniels and US v. Sam. Meanwhile, in recent interviews with Marijuana Moments, several Republican senators shared their views on the federal ban on gun possession by people who use marijuana with one thing that if alcohol drinkers can lawfully buy and use firearms, the same standard should apply to cannabis consumers. Separately, the U.S. court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit last month cited with a federal district court that dismissed an indictment against Jared Michael Harrison, who was charged in Oklahoma in 2022 after police discovered cannabis and a handgun in his vehicle during traffic stop. The case has now been remanded to the lower court, which determined that the current statute banning unlawful users of marijuana from possessing firearms violates violates the Second Amendment of the Constitution. The lower court largely based his initial decision on an interpretation of a Supreme Court ruling in which the justices generally created a higher standard for policies that seek to impose restriction on gun rights. The ruling states that any such restrictions must be consistent with the historical context of the Second Amendment's original 1791 ratification. Historical analogues that the Justice Department relied on to make the case that the ban is consistent included references to antiquated case law preventing Catholics, Loyalists, slaves and Indians from having guns. The circuit court, for its part, said that the government must show non intoxicated marijuana users pose a risk of future danger to support the current policy. This inquiry, which may involve fact finding, is best suited for the district court. Meanwhile, in the U.S. court of Appeals for the 11th District, judges recently ruled in favor of medical cannabis patients who want to exercise their Second Amendment rights as firearms. The recent report from the Congressional Research Service explained the current legal landscape. A growing number of federal courts are now finding constitutional problems in the application of at least some parts of the firearms prohibition. In a recent ruling, a three judge panel for the U.S. court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit vacated a defendant's conviction and remanded that the case back to a district court, noting that a retrial before a jury may be necessary to determine whether cannabis in fact caused the defendant to be dangerous or pose a credible threat to others. The Third Circuit Court separately said in a published opinion that district courts must make individualized judgments to determine whether 922G3 is constitutional as applied to particular defendants. Here's more. Earlier this year, a federal judge in Rhode island ruled that the ban was unconstitutional as applied to defendants, writing that the government failed to establish that the sweeping prohibition against gun ownership by marijuana users was grounded in historical precedent. A federal judge in El Paso separately ruled late last year that the government's ongoing ban ban on gun ownership by habitual marijuana users is unconstitutional. In the case of a defendant who earlier pleaded guilty to the criminal charge, the court allowed the man to withdraw the plea in order that the indictment against him be dismissed. DOJ has claimed in multiple federal cases over the past several years that the statute banning cannabis consumers from owning or possessing guns is constitutional because it's consistent with the nation's history of disarming guns dangerous individuals. In 2023, for example, the Justice Department told the U.S. court of Appeals of the 3rd Circuit Court that the historical precedent comfortably supports the restriction. Cannabis consumers with guns pose a unique danger to society, the Biden administration claim, in part because they're unlikely to store their weapon properly. Holy fucking shit, are you kidding me? So I don't know where to put my gun. Meanwhile, some states have passed their own laws either further restricting or attempting to preserve gun rights as they relate to marijuana. Recently, Pennsylvania lawmaker introduced a bill meant to remove state barriers to medical marijuana patients carrying firearms. Colorado activists also attempted to qualify an initiative for November's ballot that would have protected the Second Amendment rights of marijuana consumers in that state. But the campaign signature gathering drive over ultimately fell short. As 2024 drew to a close, the ATF issued a warning to Kentucky residents that if they choose to participate in the state's medical marijuana program that's set to launch imminently, they will be prohibited from buying or possessing firearms under federal law. The official said that while people who already own firearms are expected to turn them over if they become state legal cannabis patients, those who wish to follow for federal law and not be in violation of it must make the decision to divest themselves of those firearms. Since then, bipartisan state lawmakers have introduced legislation that would urge Kentucky's representatives in Congress to amend federal law to clarify that users of medical marijuana may legally possess firearms, though no action has since been taken on that bill. Kentucky governor Andy Bashar Democrats and that in January that he supported the legislators effort to urge the state's congressional delegation to call for federal reforms to protect the Second Amendment rights of medical marijuana patients. But the governor added that he'd like to see even more sweeping changes on the federal level. And that's the end of that article as a long ass article. And I was almost thinking like why couldn't I just go on a fucking live stream and read these and then we like talk shit about them and then we just clip that.
Speaker A: I'm not mad at it.
Speaker B: There's no Reason why I can't read somebody else's article as a video.
Speaker A: Right, Right.
Speaker B: Like we don't have to write it, we're gonna write a script. Just read this guy's. He did all work and then what we did. Yeah. And then we put a link on our thing that's like a. Not a redirect but it's like how we had to. Where it was links to all of our sources or what have you. So that the Tick tock or whatever that's gener is like generating clicks to the website which has ads on it that we get paid for. Even if it's a redirect to this article that we read from the other guy. Right. Like it's all just about eyeballs. So like, like right now I just read this whole thing and I probably hit 20 different ads throughout the article and there's an ad on top and add on bottom the whole time. So like they got paid for me to read that. Granted it was probably pennies, but still, you know, they add up and you got a million views and you get 10,000 pennies. 100 bucks. 100 bucks. But okay, so all of that I think should be what I just read. Should be the topic of the. Our first AI reefer report or. Well, I don't really want to read all that again. So maybe we'll try the. Where we read it and record it or whatever next time. Because it's not gonna be new information. Right. So it's not gonna be like it's better if it's new information. I think granted there is something to be said for coming correct and like having like how candid. You ever watch one of Candace Owens videos? Well, she'll sit there and she'll read or she'll like do a show and she has like information, right. She has information lined up that she's ready to put on the screen and talk about. Just a little list of things she's going to talk about. I'm sure she's checking off the boxes of. But like she'll come through and she'll read you something that someone else read. But she's already got her reaction and her position and her supporting facts and documents lined up to make that case for you on the. On the video. Right. It's not like this isn't new information to her when she reads it. Right. So it's like two different kind of paradigms on how you. I guess it's like the reaction and polish. Like a show, I guess. But anyways. So okay, so with that are we gonna make it about all this shit I was reading or are we gonna make it just about guns and cannabis one? Because we're doing the guns and cannabis one. Okay, so then what do we want?
Speaker A: Because it's provocative and now we have more information.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. So. And we're gonna try the robot.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: And so are we gonna do with the robot where. So, so we're definitely making the robot human and we're going to try to video generate the human. And what are you thinking? Grok to do this or one of those video specific ones?
Speaker A: I don't know. Because the thing is, the tone on Grok isn't consistent right now.
Speaker B: You know what? There is the Google one that makes like a AI generated podcast. So what's the video?
Speaker A: This is actually.
Speaker B: You know what we need? We need. We need to find.
Speaker A: I was thinking it like classic dude at desk, green screen, square to his upper left shoulder.
Speaker B: The problem is that we need his, his mouth to move. We needed to make the voice and the mouth right, and his motions. So what we need is we need to look up online and find out which of these AI video generators use script or take audio. We need to. We need to be able to come out with an image and a script and it makes him talk. Or we need to be able to come at it with an image and an audio and it makes them talk and do stuff.
Speaker A: So maybe I was thinking, and who knows? But we'll use Grok and we input the script in segments, but we dub a different AI voiceover so it's consistent after it.
Speaker B: Like we string them all together. Then we get the video, then we extract the audio, change it, put it back in the video.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: I'm not mad at that. All right, we need the image. So it needs to be the character in front of, you know, solid color green screen background, like he is doing, you know, exactly what it is. So we need that image that we bring the image to the video generator. Yeah. Are we gonna be able to generate enough videos on rock.
Speaker A: Between the two of us?
Speaker B: All right, so then what we need now for processing is we need to take what we just got and all that story, right? And then, and then make a script, a script and a storyboard.
Speaker A: Clever. With the phone number.
Speaker B: So all that information and that article and all of that, we need to make a script and a storyboard. So what? Okay, so we'll just try it your way that you came up with and then we'll come up with other ways too, down the road. So we need the image asset and we need the script. And then we also need to think about what we're going to use for the background. Oh, also Gilbert. So there was. There's also this. The other day, Dom and Johnny Fab both sent me a YouTube link to the same video at the same time, exact time. Right. And it was like crazy because they. I checked my phone, I had the two notifications and. And it gave me the preview of the message and it was the same YouTube link. Like I could, like, I could read that the link was the same. Like, that was all they sent me. Right. And are you familiar with Sean Ryan show?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: He's a YouTube dude. He does podcasts. He's an ex Navy Seal and he's got a big, pretty big podcast. Okay.
Speaker A: Is he the dude that wears the bandana and he's got a big fluffy hair?
Speaker B: No, he's bald.
Speaker A: Never mind.
Speaker B: Now that. I think his name is Bustamante. I think I know who you're talking about. He's on Tick Tock a lot. He's former CIA analyst or whatever. Yeah, I don't trust any of those guys. So the. The fuck. Oh, no. He had a guy, it was like a 12 minute clip and this guy was saying how cannabis is part of the CCP's plan to take over the United States or to beat America. And that they're going in all over and they're making these illegal grows in these hoop houses all throughout California. And then they're shipping out and selling the weed all throughout the country. And it's just cheap, cheap, cheap weed. And they use like banned pesticides and all kinds of weird shit to grow them. So it's like illegal stuff. So it's like not healthy weed. And then, and then they sell it at the cheapest price possible. And then they fund all their nefarious things, you know, because they're now drug dealers. And then they keep everybody pacified because everyone's high on pot. That's what this clip was about. So that. Did you hear any of that?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: So then. So that clip right there on is like recent. Homie published it three days ago on YouTube. And it's Sean Ryan. So it's like may as well be Joe Rogan. Okay. And he's got this guy on there. So like that's information that's gonna make its way around that's like breaking kind of Internet content right there. And so there's something that we should be able to do something with that, repurpose that for some purpose. I mean, I don't know what because it's kind of anti weed, but it's in, you know, it's part of weed. There's funny. We could do off that, right? Like, but it's that Jaja pack or something. Some Chinese name. The Sheriff I shot John Wayne.
Speaker A: So AI video memes, right? Wow. So AI video me. This one's like more of a literal example, I suppose.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Are you ready for my next. Yeah, I mean. Oh, can you watch them in the thing or do I gotta send them in? Discord 14 it all right, and then this is what I was just thinking about, right? Like would you potentially scroll through these popular images, right? And then we can be like, yo, it'd be funny if like this happened or this particular, you know, exactly like the one memes kind of how like I'll go on Reddit and I'm like, oh, this is pretty funny. I can make this cannabis relatable. All right, but then do that with the AI, right? Just go on these popular images, right? When you animate the image and the capacity you think is going to be the humorous. All these images are coming out stressful. Grock was pretty good, but chat GPT. What the.
Speaker B: Huh?
Speaker A: Said Groton making better images than chat GPT right now.
Speaker B: Oh yeah. And then Google's Google.
Speaker A: Oh, forgot what I was going to do.
Speaker B: You're gonna make our news anchor, but don't make him too vanilla or gay.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I. I made one and then I was also making a man chat GPT but the stuff was looking cooler and groan I believe that. Do we want him at a news desk?
Speaker B: He could be. Well, we want him at. We want him to be like a tick tock dude, not a news anchor because news is dead and nobody watches that.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: Holding the phone like selfie can.
Speaker A: What's that?
Speaker B: Like he's holding a selfie cam. Poop. Poop. Poop. It really smells like poop.
Speaker A: What about this briefer reporter? Oh, damn. I know. This person must be giving me is a little bit too dapper.
Speaker B: Are you trying to make a real human or a cartoon?
Speaker A: Real human.
Speaker B: I think we should go cartoon.
Speaker A: Cartoon.
Speaker B: Yeah, because then it's less off putting. Like the fake AI humans sometimes are weird. It.
Speaker A: I keep clicking download, but it don't download.
