Speaker A: So you want to send those emails, huh? All right, what are the emails need to say?
Speaker B: Hold on one second. I guess the emails are just saying if they're down for us the. But toy boxes there again this year. Right.
Speaker A: Because we did the toy boxes with them last year and Tom's and then we wanted them to have the toy boxes again. We thought it was really dope when they. The where they gave out the free doobie. Yeah, they should be giving out the free doobie again. We need to ask them also about like the timelines. Right. Like when are they trying to run it till? Or are we dictating that or what do we want to come at it with?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: What was the question?
Speaker B: I think. I think we should come at them with the whole like, hey, and we want to run it till this time and we'll try to pick up around this day.
Speaker A: So what do you want to do? Do you want to stop? You don't. Do you want to stop have it be the last day is the kickback or go past.
Speaker B: I think it should go past that.
Speaker A: And we want it to be contingent.
Speaker B: Upon Sojourner is cut off.
Speaker A: Okay, so we need to find that out. But what. Okay, so that's a unknown variable. But we'll say the date. Okay. And we'll bring later. But what. What else does it need to say? Context about the kickback maybe?
Speaker B: Yeah, just like how much where it's going to be located and. Right.
Speaker A: And how much we've raised in the past and whatnot.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: And goals and etc.
Speaker B: Right now much we did the last time. And then we also got to send out the emails to like the companies for asking for products. But I'm pretty sure we already whipped up the text for that. We just gotta find their emails and send them.
Speaker A: Okay, and is there a list somewhere?
Speaker B: Yeah, I took a picture of the companies, I believe a screenshot of them and I texted it to you. And then one of them already sent us an email to email to.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So I'll look for that information and try to resend it to you.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Like, oh, I can. Like, I'll try to. I'll find the companies and I'll find their emails and then I'll just send you the emails.
Speaker A: Okay, but the robot might be able to do that too, so. Right, well, so are you still not paying for ChatGPT?
Speaker B: Yeah, stop paying for Jackie.
Speaker A: Okay, so then try to find that list and then. And then even give it a go because you might even be able to on chat gbt. Use the agent and you do the agent mode. And then you get a picture and be like, find me all the contact emails. Or go find them if it's not a lot. And then. All right, and then is there anything else that needs to be included in these emails? So there's two sets of emails, right? There's the emails to potential sponsors and vendors, and then there's the emails to the dispensaries for the toy drive participation.
Speaker B: Right. And then I guess we can slip in there and be like, hey, if you want to, you know, because maybe.
Speaker A: That'S a little more.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Like, perhaps you guys want to donate something other than just having our toy box there.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Or maybe you want to set up a booth and smoke people out. Right.
Speaker A: Okay. All right.
Speaker B: So I think that's pretty much it.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And you email, because really now it's like, there's the one dude and then his bomb blazing, like, oh, my God. Even having it, like. All right, I guess you guys can have the information now.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: All right. And so I think that's pretty much it then.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: All right, I'll talk to you later. All right, all right.
