Speaker A: Putting boxes together is hard work.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Nirvana said they'll take nine boxes for their nine locations. That means we have to deliver nine boxes across the state.
Speaker B: Right. One's in Glendale. That one Swamp Shop. That's not a Nirvana, but sure, there's.
Speaker A: Probably a Nirvana out there. Well, the thing is, though, we need a plan to deliver nine boxes, and we don't have a lot of time.
Speaker B: All right, So I think we should today and tomorrow bust out boxes and start dropping off. I don't know. I forgot my schedule yet, but I could tell Baggage, go blow smoke, because I got to do.
Speaker A: Tell her that right now. And then. And we'll make plan and we'll go deliver boxes.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And I'll hit the studio.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: Okay. So then we'll. We'll be. And then there you go. Boom. There's podcast.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right. And then I can line up the. So Joiner's lady for later in the. Right. And go over and harass her to whatever capacity. And then. And then we'll have toy box delivery podcast. So Joiner, whatever. By the end of the week. And we'll have 11 or 12 boxes out there or 13 boxes out there, actually. And. Yeah. So I guess what I'm gonna do is go to Staples and have them print. Just print a sheet of paper with the info that we can put on the boxes.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: I mean, I have a design, and. That's gonna be what we're gonna be able to do by tomorrow.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: So anything else?
Speaker B: No, I think that's it. Maybe still coming through today to do some. Or we're doing all that tomorrow.
Speaker A: I think we're just doing it all tomorrow now.
Speaker B: All right, sounds good.
Speaker A: Because, like, what else is there? I guess content type stuff. You know what? I was gonna post the. The. Well, first off, the only reason why I haven't done anything with the Diana fighting Krampus is because it's not good. Right. Like. Like, it's the equivalent of having up fingers where, like, there's not real consistency through the thing. It's not really, like, you know, it's kind of the same in each one. And my thought was to put them as a carousel, and then I could swipe through and be like, the different.
Speaker B: Right. That's what I was talking.
Speaker A: Yeah. And then. So I thought that would be cool and neat. And then we get away with it not being super contiguous. Right. Or consistent, but because not like the video chops somewhere, and it's something different. It's like you swipe it. So, you know, but it has nothing to do with kickback, so, I mean, it'll just be like something fun and then. Which is fine. Fun is good. But. Oh, I was gonna put it on TikTok and tick tock won't let you do the. The slide thing with videos. Yeah, so that was lame. Kind of ruined it for me.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: But so, like, what are we posting? Nobody really seems to give a as far as ppk, right? So, you know, do whatever we want or.
Speaker B: We want ain't helping.
Speaker A: All right, so then are we just like indiscriminately posting or how are we handling this?
Speaker B: Indiscriminate? I don't know.
Speaker A: You know.
Speaker B: All I know is we're just gonna try to be consistent.
Speaker A: Well, I got the scheduler, man, and I'm just like, hoping. I mean, I'll make a schedule and a bunch of random content and put it on there if that's what needs to happen. But I was trying to have, like, a plan, and then we, like, do something intentionally instead of just whatever can be mustered, you know what I'm saying?
Speaker B: Yeah, I know what you're saying.
Speaker C: So, like, I was trying to get.
Speaker A: At least some kind of format, like what the post should be about, you know, because I make a robot, put anything in text. That's easy. And then I even got the one little workflow to make. It's doing these images, which are kind of like all the flyers were made by the robot by itself. It made all five of them. It checked them. And then I had to. I had to clap back at it a couple of times, but it was like, I should have streamed all this, but in fact, I should because then apparently that's good Tick Tock content. But at least the AI using AI videos as a thing on Tick Tock, as I've learned from Johnny Fad. But. But so I think the actual. Remember back in the day, I was like, oh, I'm gonna use. Well, first thought, man, there's too many thoughts. I got too many thoughts, Darrell.
Speaker B: Let's just make small pieces of content that are ultra specific to, you know, the little things that we're doing, right?
Speaker A: And that's kind of things, right? So, like, we have one that's about the toy drive, or one that's about the ring toss, or one that's about whatever. Each little individual thing gets like its own deal. I mean, obviously, we'll have a post like Nirvana. Go to Nirvana and fucking get a doobie and bring a toy and turn up like that's. A good one, right? And then also there's the other boxes. Like, those could get their own as well. I mean. I mean, not each one, maybe. Each one, maybe not. But I think we have the potential. We could make some kind of video at each place if we're going there, right? Like, we could make stuff. AI stuff. And we could also. We really wanted to go crazy. We could do, like, take video of us doing our thing or whatever and then do, like, the AI reskin. Not with Sora. With something else if we wanted it to be like that still. Or, I mean, we just got options, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right. Am I interrupting you or something?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: So what are your thoughts? What's your takeaways from all this? Because I'm gonna take this transcript. I'm putting it in the robot, because I'm telling you, Gilbert, I got this little thing going on right now, and it's been kind of frustrating, but not so much at the same time. Like, all those emails you sent me, I was like. I told the robot, I was like, hey, I. I took your shit. And see, I put it in the PPK chat because the robot can read the PPK chat. So I was like, take out the info from there and update our shit and then send the email to that new person. And then. And then reset an email to all the people we did send emails to. And I was like, all right, just fucking did it. I didn't have to, like, re. Giving context and all that. And then. And then that's actually how this person from Nirvana responded.
Speaker B: Because I've been sending all these messages.
Speaker A: I don't know if it's because you saw the messages.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't know, because Turkey or Tammy seemed to, like, right in the heart of me blasting everybody.
Speaker A: No, he replied to my email to the second email, the one that got sent this morning. I told the robot to hit them all back up again. And then that's what happened.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: I'll show. I need to check on that. What.
Speaker B: Special care. Hey, sorry for the delay. We pulled the pieces needed for the website. I wanted to let you know that the status. We can do 20 to 30 medium bullets at wholesale price. This will come out to about 600 to 900, Right? Just say do it.
Speaker A: What.
Speaker B: Special care.
Speaker A: Now, what'd you say? You didn't finish.
Speaker B: Oh, hey, family. I'm so sorry for the delay. We pulled the pieces we needed for the website and I wanted to let you know the status. We can do 20 to 30 medium bullets at wholesale price. This will come out to about 600 to $900 US dollars. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: And you said, and you said run it.
Speaker B: No, I'm asking where I should respond.
Speaker A: I don't know. I mean, I, I guess the wells run dry. You know what.
Speaker B: Tell them no, I don't know, dude.
Speaker A: I don't know what to say.
Speaker B: Yeah, right. This is what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna send this to Dom.
Speaker A: There. I mean, he ain't got.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm just gonna send that to them. Be like, hey, this is what.
Speaker A: Special.
Speaker B: Case in special case is. Like, how do you want to do.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, if we're gonna. Yeah, I don't know. Well, we definitely ain't playing ring toss with bongs that cost $20.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right, well, are we making them? I think I probably got like three. We probably got. We probably got three to five bombs maybe that are unused. Special case, probably, possibly more, but I'm gonna, I'm comfortable with that. Three to five. And then so we set those three to five up and then we make them stand on the other side of the cactus. And they throw from hell, from way downtown, you know what I mean?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: And then we only got five of them, like. Or hear me out, we take those three to five bongs that we got, right? And we go and we put them up and we make people come up one at a time in like a 20 minute period and we bust it out every now and then, like while the music's playing and they gotta come up the stage and stand all the way across and we put one bong up and then they get to take their thing and throw it a couple times or, Or like instead of you getting to throw the thing three times, you throw it or twice or whatever or something, you know, Like, I don't know. I don't know. I mean, if they're charging us for bongs and there's. And we can't give them away, right? Like, I mean, I don't see how that's making sense, You know? All right, we're not like making money off the event. Not like, I don't know. I mean, because for me at this point now, it's like we're not taking any bongs from them. We either use what we have and keep the ring toss there because we want to and have said it's going to be there or eliminate it completely.
Speaker B: You were the bong toss correct.
Speaker A: Or it's not special K, I guess, but like we still need bongs somehow, some way. And so Like, I mean, we have some, I guess, but. And then, like, I mean, I guess we could justify the spend. Like if we're putting them in gift boxes, right, Then. Then. I mean, you know, we could put like a handful of them into gift boxes.
Speaker B: All right? Not all of them.
Speaker A: Why we wouldn't get all of them. But like, we, we were thinking 10. 10, 10. Like, it'd probably go to like, you know, how much money? Because that's the question then, right? Like, how much money will we make off of the raffles and. How much do we spend on the raffle, right? So, like, if every special case, twenty dollar bill, however many boxes, you know, special cases, twenty bucks a piece minimum, plus whatever the else in the day, you know, I'm kind of thinking that we have to abandon the boxes or at least the raffling, I guess, or I don't know. I mean, what are we putting in them? No special case, no chills. We got three Greek glass bombs right now. What are we putting in the boxes?
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Like. Like we got.
Speaker A: Exactly. We ain't got nothing.
Speaker B: But we've created.
Speaker A: Okay, well, we'll put a pin in that for now. We don't necessarily need to make a decision on that right now. Right now. What about the nirvana? Dude, Just run that, right?
Speaker B: Since potentially we're gonna have more weed than bongs.
Speaker A: Yeah. So do we want to. Let's see the email that I sent to him. I said this morning. Hey, Max, just wanted to follow up on my email from last week about hosting can of Kickback 6 toy drive box at Nirvana Center. We're locking in our box host lineup this week and wanted to make sure you didn't miss this. It's a great way to get some free marketing exposure while supporting a good cause. All toys go to Sojourner Center. The quick version. Host a festive donation box geolocation from the 15th to the 15th. We provide everything. Box signage, social media content. You get free promotion and zero cost to you interested. Just let me know by the end of the week and I'll get you signed up. Thanks, Gilbert Figueroa. Oh, I. It did that dumb. He said, hey there. We would love to be a part of this. Would your team be able to accommodate all six of our locations or all nine of our locations? Yep, you know it. Now here's the problem.
Speaker B: Oh yeah, my weed.
Speaker A: Oh yeah, I have to weed. I have the weed.
Speaker B: Drive that out to me anyways. I'll give you gas money or drop that off my wife's car drop that off.
Speaker A: Where? When is she off?
Speaker B: Like five, six. I have to know where.
Speaker C: Cardinals fan today.
Speaker A: I believe that. And they sank from like 44 to 21. 49ers, dude. Oh, yeah. But I noticed in his little video.
Speaker C: That he put out, I said, I said, it seemed to me you were out a lot. I saw a lot of 49ers here. Yeah, there were more or less of them. I swear. That's fun for him, that.
Speaker A: Man. Why does this keep failing?
Speaker C: Well, Benjamin said he thinks that Lisa really wants to go to her mom's house for Thanksgiving.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Which I said they should. They always come over here and she has a family and you know, they should do that. So that probably will. And then I don't know about grandma, so either way, I'm having a nice vegan lasagna with vegetable lasagna and I might have a little Cornish game because honestly, what the am I gonna do the. Look, Grandma and I couldn't even eat a whole trip chicken. His grandma comes, she can have her own whole chicken. Whole tiny chicken, as your dad calls it. The tiny chicken. He loves a tiny.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: We can still watch the parade together, honey.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Something you haven't wanted to do since you were six.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: You'll watch that parade, man.
Speaker A: It. It's. Should I just call this guy max schnell?
Speaker B: I guess.
Speaker C: You want to use that little weed in the thing in the suit or.
Speaker A: You want to just come down with weed in the suit? There's not a lot of weed.
Speaker C: No. There's not a lot of oil that's needed.
Speaker A: So the launch dates already happened. So you can't put before the launch date information. Just tell them we'll get the boxes out as soon as possible. Actually, you know what? I'm gonna call them because that way. Because we want to go do it tomorrow. Or should I just email him? So the launches already happened. Possible. And that we were actually planning on going out on the 18th to deliver a bunch of boxes and we'd love to hit the nine locations in that route. Also, we want to include everything else you said about impacting the soldiers and all that is fantastic. So keep that. But we also want to hit him with. We want to question and get confirmation that they're going to do the give away a pre roll for toy donation at their locations throughout the duration of the toy drive like they did last year. Do you want to include anything else?
Speaker B: No, just trying to get them boxes going.
Speaker A: And we do need the information address for all the locations. Unless You. I was thinking that, but maybe we hit him. I don't know. What. What do you. And then do you think that we should also try to recruit him to come smoke us out at the kickback? Like, as a vendor?
Speaker B: I think, because potentially we don't got as many bonds and stuff that, I mean, we can give away more weeds.
Speaker A: Yeah, right.
Speaker B: I. Around. I mean, we didn't have a lot of boxes last year either.
Speaker A: It's true.
Speaker B: We just had the convenience of having some really cool. And so.
Speaker A: Yeah, so, I mean, what. We just got to think about how many we want. I mean, we do have some stuff. Like. Like I said, we got three to five special K pieces for show, and then we got those three Greek glass pieces, right?
Speaker B: And then we can always hit up the wholesaler kind of deal and get some generics.
Speaker A: We can. I mean, that's just, you know, money in, though. So we got to think about that, right?
Speaker B: It's like, we can get some generic. And also a lot of things, people are smoke or not a lot of them. Some of these places, like the one smoke shop, you know, like, we got a couple of smoke shops that are with us for some boxes, And we straight up go in there and be like, hey, and as we're dropping off Boxer, you got anything you want to throw into the giveaway?
Speaker A: What did you say?
Speaker B: Because we got hella smoke. Or not. Hello, smoke shop. But we got a handful of couple smoke shops, too, which is bust their balls and be like, yeah, oh, yeah, totally. You know, anything you can throw in a couple blunt wraps, hand pipe, you.
Speaker A: Know, if you want to be cool.
Speaker B: Do, like, a bomb straight up.
Speaker A: It.
Speaker B: I'm officially rolling the last of my weed right now. You want my wife to just, like, hit you up after she gets off? Or.
Speaker A: I mean, we could do that. I was gonna. I was in my head, I was gonna try to get over there before, but.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that part. That part.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I think we're doing pretty good. I think we're, like, you know, slightly behind the eight ball, but, like, not too bad.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: Like, if we've gotten this energy, like, just maybe a week ago, we would have been. You know, we'd have room, a little bit more room for air, But not bad. I mean, we're doing our part. Not a single person of channel crew. Yeah, I tried. I tried activated. Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, you know what we should. I was gonna post. I made a Facebook event, so we should all go in there and interact in that, too, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I think I shared It.
Speaker A: Hello. That look. First stop, smoke shop sent us a message.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. I responded back to those messages.
Speaker A: I don't know what it said. It just said, hey there, can a crew.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, he's like, yeah, we're down to host a box potentially. Let me just talk to my partner.
Speaker A: Got it.
Speaker B: And then the one dude and he was like, give me some more information. And then the other dude that's in Glendale, he's like, yeah, we can definitely host one of your boxes kind of deal. And then. Yeah, no, I. I dm so many people this morning at the end. Gold Smith high grade venom extract.
Speaker A: Not a single. You know what's getting views right now? That 40 million view on Facebook.
Speaker B: The weed brownie thing.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Is getting cycled again.
Speaker A: Like we have 3, 800 views in the last month on Facebook just from doing absolutely nothing for years.
Speaker B: Yeah, man. We need to get back on our thing, I'm saying.
Speaker A: But it's all from that, like that video circulating again.
Speaker B: Right, right. It. Huh? The sora account likes one of my videos. I'm sorry. Got over 21, 000 followers on Sora.
Speaker A: Sure does.
Speaker B: It said SORA too. And then. And then I went in there and they had like. Like 21, 000 followers and stuff in there. Like, just helping grow in the SORA community. Something about SORA Japan and I don't know, seems like a pretty heavy account.
Speaker A: I got followed by someone with a like a 16k account and then they immediately unfollowed me.
Speaker B: Yeah, some people do the.
Speaker A: They're just trying to get you to follow them, right?
Speaker B: Yo, Alonzo, I gotta get the one video. He hasn't posted it. It's just in this. His drafts. But it's like the fr. It's like Friends sitcom, you know what I'm saying? It's like these guys are this group of friends on the couch. And like, man. And then Alonzo comes in, he's like, who's got the weed? And he's like, I got the weed. And they're like, oh, it is like this episode of Friends. Leave it to Beaver kind of. It's hilarious.
Speaker A: Damn. They still haven't told me that it's there to pick up FedEx. I know. So like, what the fuck is going on, man? They went, they were supposed to deliver these packages on Friday. And then the guy said that he couldn't deliver them or that I requested for them to. For the it to be different or something. And I called FedEx and they're like, yeah, well, you requested to Change the pickup location. And I said, no, the. I didn't. I've been waiting for this rather than waiting on my house all day for this delivery that's been on the way since 4:30 in the morning. And I'm like, oh, well now, blah, blah, blah. Now it's not scheduled to come till Monday. And I'm like, what? Like, yeah, but you could set it to pick up at a FedEx location and there's a chance that you could get it, go pick it up on Saturday. And I'm like, all right, fine, I'll do that. Saturday came six in the morning, out for delivery about one in the afternoon, not coming till Monday. Like, what the fuck? So I called him back and she's like, yeah, that's pretty much it. Like, okay. And then so today it's a two package delivery. One of the packages at my house, second one out for delivery, waiting to be delivered to the FedEx location. I don't know why they split my package up. Why they split my shipment up. Why would they do that? So now I don't know where my thing is. And it's. And then I got a screen printer dude is waiting for me. They're starting to call all the people who are just, you know, hobnobbing Trump. Nothing will deter them from Trump. They're calling them the Twink. Right? It's. What does Trump have to do to get the Twink right off his balls? It. Yeah. What a piece. Man. I hate this robot sometimes. Dude.
Speaker B: This called me from the afternoon to make him a peanut butter sandwich.
Speaker A: Yeah. Why aren't I getting phone calls? Oh, do not disturb was on.
Speaker B: Ah, that's fun.
Speaker A: Guess we'll try to call me three times.
