Speaker A: I'll be ready.
Speaker B: All right. For sure. I was wondering if you stick around.
Speaker A: Hello, friend.
Speaker B: Let's talk. Fr.
Speaker A: Let's go. Let's talk. Frank.
Speaker B: Yeah. The robot really thinks the bugs is like. Oh. Oh, yeah, I have another step on that, but I haven't. Or maybe I have published it. Did you see the two things I sent on Discord?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: It's two new poop quests. What? Okay. Because here, one of them is he just rolling around with it. Yeah, he's in the pack now. Belongo's got a new family. But. Okay, so right here, I only have one of them in there. Or did I not show you the second one? I probably just didn't show you the second one. Yeah, I just didn't show you the second one. So what? The last, most recent one that I've shared so far is why the math on why the cactus kind of sucks. And then this next one that I'm going to share in there is like seven alternate things to cactus. Hold on. You got cactus viability analysis, devastating math. And then you got outdoor space alternatives analysis. Because it was like, the math is so bad. It's like, unless you absolutely can't do anything else with it. Like, it's like, if it's like, with that space, you should be putting bugs out there. But if you can't put. Because it's like an opportunity cost. Like, if you take that space and put cactus and not bugs, you lose 40 racks. Opportunity cost in a year. Right. And so, like, you cannot miss that unless you can't put the bugs outside, which I think is kind of the case unless we did some climate control. And then also we'd be taking up the garden with bugs, which I don't think would be copacetic for folks. Maybe I just have a feeling. I don't know why, but I have a feeling that they want plants in the ground. And then also if we put a plant that your dad likes, like a weed, then we may not have control over that.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, right.
Speaker B: Like, they'll just. Something happen in the last. Oh, there we go. Hey, maybe finally.
Speaker A: Hey, get back.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's what you get.
Speaker A: Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, let's go. Come on, come on.
Speaker B: What was I gonna say? Oh, you know, one of the things that was interesting on the. On the one with the alternative options, I. I mean, I kind of remember what it was talking about. The first one was that it keeps wanting to recommend. There's a couple reasons why is quail and rabbit hey, come here.
Speaker A: It's getting high. Fe.
Speaker B: Danny, let's go. I don't know why he's not playing with stage. That's usually his favorite. It's real. Okay. So the first one that it was real hard up our real hardcore bout was the quail and rabbits mostly because of the. The way that they both feed back into the bug loop. They say that the rabbit manure is the 100, the best manure to put in the worm bin for a bunch of different reasons. And then. But I don't know about the livestock thing at your house. Doesn't seem to be. I don't know, is it weird first off? And then I don't think that you're so super excited about it. So the other options were like. And the other options were like mushrooms was an interesting one. The downfall to mushrooms was climate control. It has to be humid environment. Right. But then there's some varieties that do well in heat.
Speaker A: Yeah. Biggest obstacles.
Speaker B: Yeah. Is is humidity. But I kind of think there's a way like I was thinking about it and this might be more trouble than it's worth. Except that the. The projections on the mushrooms was like anywhere from 30 to 80k extra a year. And I feel like farmer's market boutique mushrooms. I think they. With that. And so like I think we have a. A good directed retail path on that which would put us up closer to.
Speaker A: The 80K than the 30. Right.
Speaker B: And that's in addition to the bugs. Right. So I guess on top of the 60 projection. So that's what makes me think the mushrooms. But. Oh. Then the other things it was talking about was like a seasonal rotation. And again it's. Again it's on the micro greens. It's really big on the microgreens and it would be like micro greens in the winter and then hot peppers in the summer. And then we make like hot sauce kind of thing. That was one of the options. And then a little less climate control required there. A little more up front because of the micros for whatever reason. And then what was another one that was interesting? Oh no. Then that was belong. What are you doing, man? And then. Oh, and then another one. It was really trying to do the hemp or CBD flower only because it was like the barrier. The entry for the legal cannabis market is way too high and expensive. But like, you know who's ever said anything about the legal cannabis market? Plus also. And I could get it with the bugs or with the robot. I bet I'd be like, nah, man. I spend money on cannabis all the time, since it saves me money. Xyz. And then it would probably be like, oh, well, then that's the greatest option, right? But one thing that it really liked that it came, it said was. And it said that there was not a lot that came from this. And I actually had some research to try to see what it really would be like, but it projected 15 extra a year for cannabis specific grass sales. And then it was like, your. Your plants are like the showroom floor, so to speak. Like, you know, the proof that we grew all of these with our special vermifrast or can of frass or whatever the hell. Right? And then like, oh, aren't they amazing? And then like, come to the kickback and smell, smoke it and try it. And then the target's like, this is incredible. I need 18 pounds of canister. You know what I mean? So, like, there's that whole deal, which is interesting. Then there's the risk with, like. Because I. I just think, like, if we were growing mushrooms, it's very possible that nobody else touches it, right? But if we grow, like the one crop that's like heart and soul, you know, like, it's a lot less likely that it gets unmolested. Oh, wait, wait.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So this is what I was thinking. This might be more trouble than it's worth. But, like, your whole greenhouse garden area is all dirt, right? Like, what if we, like, terraform that to retain moisture by, like, putting ground cover, like a little trees in there or something?
Speaker A: Yeah, no, that's too much.
Speaker B: Or something you wanted and was opposed to, dude.
Speaker A: But that's why we got to come in here with some sort of gardening idea that's up on a contract kind of thing with the business plan, and we expect return in X amount of months and the real profit in a year kind of deal.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And if you want this to happen with this, anything.
Speaker B: Right, right.
Speaker A: And at that, it can be whatever, you know, because we could straight up be like, yo, this dude. We're buying a pound of weed at $500 a pound every month.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You know, right?
Speaker B: So, like, we know that's cash crop.
Speaker A: You know, like, that's.
Speaker B: And we have, like, we have audience, and it's cash crop.
Speaker A: It's like, so what's. I mean, the math on that?
Speaker B: Well, I mean, what. How many peas you get per. Because here's the thing too, is, like, if we did that, then we're designing canafras, right? And we're like, there's a veg one, and there's a bloom one and like loading bugs and we're doing the whole like. I think that that is a nice deal. And then, and then there's also the possibility that the can of frost really is something super magical and these plants are producing. You know what I mean?
Speaker A: Like, I know that's gonna happen.
Speaker B: I mean, that's the best case scenario, right? So then we're like one to three peas off a plant. And then how many plants we fit in there. And then Yahtzee. You know what I mean? I mean, I don't know what expected.
Speaker A: Yield is, but I'm just.
Speaker B: I know what math is. And then also five, like five for the thing that we get. Like, that's just saving money because like most of these pools, like five is dirt cheap.
Speaker A: So that's $7,500 a year, which is cool, right?
Speaker B: That's like six a month. 6,000amonth or no, 600amonth.
Speaker A: So I can't figure it out at 500amonth.
Speaker B: Okay, well, five a month at 12 months is six.
Speaker A: Well, I, I. What I did is I did 15 pounds at a year.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: At 500 bucks a pound.
Speaker B: So it's at five to eight plants or something like that.
Speaker A: Right. So I usually easily get like £5 off a plant.
Speaker B: No, I mean, if that's the case around.
Speaker A: This is what upsets me and my dad had have me flowing. We were doing damn near. They're like 12 foot plants with a goddamn foot diameter just under it. And we're producing a little under 10 pounds of plant.
Speaker B: Okay. And that was without the can of FR.
Speaker A: And that. And so I'm hitting you with the even a deduced mass rate.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You know, half of what I know I've been able to prod with the right tools.
Speaker B: Now, the only thing about this is everything harvest at one time, right. For the most part. So it's like the labors lit up kind of weird. I mean, which isn't the worst thing, but like there's gonna be a month where we're like locked down.
Speaker A: And what.
Speaker B: Capacity cutting and trimming and curing and.
Speaker A: Oh, at least.
Speaker B: Yeah. Because everything goes at the same time kind of. Right. Like, because we're using, we're outdoor. So like everything's in the season. So like what is it? May to September or. Come here.
Speaker A: Come on, let's go.
Speaker B: Stay, stay, stay. Getting a little crazy there, boy. You look a little cracked out. You ready to go home? Let's go get some water. Come on, let's go, let's go. Come on, come on, let's go. All right, I'm putting the leash one cuz you about to. You decided to chase chihuahuas all day instead of pit bulls. Come on. Come. Come get some water. Come on. Come. Good boy. Dr. It.
Speaker A: I don't even know where this comes from.
Speaker B: What happened? I think that was another one. Right. So you're definitely. It's a hard no on the livestock. Come on, my boy, let's go.
Speaker A: At first because.
Speaker B: Come on.
Speaker A: Because we got a lot of.
Speaker B: Hold on, hold on. What happened?
Speaker A: We get a lot of like bobcats and weird like that.
Speaker B: Yeah. So there's some anti predator that has happened for. For sure. Or they'd be a nice gourmet snack. You know what one thing I saw in one of my deals was it was like we could build a run like suspended in the air over the garden. And then the rabbits would just poop straight into it.
Speaker A: And the what?
Speaker B: Oh, like you like a run that's suspended over the garden like on the top and then.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And then the rabbits just live in there. Then they poop and the poop just falls into the garden. Right. And then they're up in the air. So they may be harder to get to. But I mean you have to build a structure which is hardcore, but maybe not. They're like not impossible. But.
Speaker A: I'd prefer the chickens than the.
Speaker B: Rabbit, chicken and rabbits. The chickens is tough because the space. So like if it was chickens, I think it goes to quail only because they're smaller. So like it was like you could put 50 quail in a 4x8, right. But then like the 70 chickens go in like 8 by 12.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: So like you just. They thing is different but also like having them. One of the things about the livestock deal too was like it was like taking each of those sections because I said there was 2:15 by 40s, right. And it was like, okay, well the one you'll put the quail and the other one you'll put the rabbit. But then like two thirds of it you'll put the animals and then the other third you like plant and then you like let them feed on that until it kind of gets a little depleted. And then you put them on the other side and give them the, you know, the, the worms feed them the bsfl and then you know, as the other regrows or whatever. Kind of like the similar to the pasture kind of thing, but on a small scale. Just because one thing it was like the desert foliage and gets depleted and doesn't grow Back as fast as like pasture land. You know, like it takes a while for the to agree. Then there's also like weird, like there's these, there's legumes we could plant all kinds of weird that would help that. But anyways, it seems to me, I don't know how like I'm. I'm pro lifestyle because I feel like that's a potential money maker. Even though quail and rabbit is kind of like on the outskirts of that fringe and maybe wouldn't. So there's like risk involved with that. And that's another reason why it pushes me off of it. Then another two, like, I don't know. Livestock management is intense and we low key have livestock. It's the bugs. Right.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Now I'm not like, you know, like I said, I like the livestock. Chickens or egg layers or something. It would be nice. The thing about the quail too is they have an eight week cycle as well. So like you go from chick to meat in eight weeks. Just like the one chicken. Then you could like keep them rotating and potentially have your own. Because the quail are more proficient egg layers, I guess. Like they lay more. So we potentially have more.
Speaker A: We can have the quail and like that roam around the cactus and like the chickens.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And with the soil and not eat the cactus.
Speaker B: I get that.
Speaker A: But it's weed plants, you know, you.
Speaker B: Think they eat the weed.
Speaker A: Yeah. Not. They get to a certain business.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, here's the thing too. I. With the amount of space that there is, the little amount of space compared to some of the other like that. I don't know how much we could even do that.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Like how much until you know, the area is saturated and these gotta go back in their pen. Like it's not like, I don't know, it's not like we can rotate them around constantly and they always have something fresh. Right. Like there.
Speaker A: It would be more like we bust open the coop kind of deal and they free roamed the entire area of the garden.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And then we just. And then we just. Based on our square footage, we're like.
Speaker B: They can do like 10 of it today, then put it back in the coop and then next week you get them on the next 10%.
Speaker A: Right. Right. Or whatever. The.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: If we have the particular garden sectioned off like those are the quadrants. It's like, hey, we're gonna put them in cactus garden today and then we're gonna put them in the mother plant section tomorrow.
Speaker B: Right. Not ma. Yeah. Another thing too. What if we penned them off, like we made a little pen that we could move around, like a small one, like a four by eight, just like box. And then we like, I don't know how hard it would be, but like take them to the pen and then put them on the ground for like, you know, eight hours out in your front park, like in the wilderness part and put them in the box for a little bit of time. Let Tootsie hang out around them and then bring them back into the coop. You know what I mean? Because like. Because exactly like you're saying, only not restrict ourselves to the garden. Like have them go out and with the wilderness around your house.
Speaker A: Yeah, it says. What I was thinking about. Right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Is that's when we just. That's when we come in with that filter.
Speaker B: What do you mean?
Speaker A: Like we push the filter over and then we drop and then it's all flat and. And then we're like, all right, we drop some chickens on here for a couple days, then the filter gets poop, right?
Speaker B: Oh, sure, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: And then we were like, all right. And then the whole time we can get like one of those seed disperser or whatever for like the grass field. Yeah, that shit's filled with our verma trash.
Speaker B: Well, there should be something. There's something too. Like we low key should be planting for the ground because we got to be like, I think the long term game with any of that is out here, especially if you got to try to build up the biomass in the soil. It's something like every percentage of biomass increase is like a, is another 55,000 gallons per acre that your soil can hold of water and if there's not enough biomass, it just rolls off and then you're just stuck with salt or moisture. Yeah. And like, because like it's possible that you have lush area in the forest or in the desert, like we see it, it's just gotta have the right conditions and we can force the right conditions over time. Right. Like by adding and adding and adding and adding and adding X, Y or Z over, you know, period of time. It's not gonna happen right away, but like, you know, just increasing that biomass in the soil over and over and over and over again. And like having on the ground that that's growing, that's doing that, having the animals walk over it, that's doing that. And, and then we're like adding to do that. And I think that it doesn't take long and then you got some lush more life.
Speaker A: All right, I'm going, I'M going for the long term goal. Are you ready?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: So I think that we, we do the, the warm juvia black soldier fly trifecta combo. Like first off, nobody's talking about it, nobody doing it. Not being done. Dual insect vermifrast and the research is screaming it. Yeah, no, like there's all these different focal pieces. Nobody's quite connected them yet.
Speaker B: Also you know what? I've been seeing a lot as there's a lot of starting to interrupt. There's a lot of U of A is like a huge, huge farmer resource and they have like a lot of stuff for. There's like a, they have a butcher or not, but you're like a processing plant there where they teach people how to process animals or the husbandry aspect and the farming thing and then like you can use their facilities and get.
Speaker C: Like tests and all kinds of.
Speaker A: So here, here's the long term goal. Right. Okay we'll come up in here and, and we, we set up the dubia and the worms off top right. Until we get a sustainable tank because we're only focusing on removing our pre existing compost waste, you know like our fruits and vegetables and that we eat and then just converting it into biofuel and using that shit to feed the war.
Speaker B: And then we come.
Speaker A: With the black soldier flies. Right. Because now, because the black soldier flies are quicker and the other two systems are slower, they're now sustainable. Didn't work on the same workflow as the black soldier flies. Right.
Speaker C: Wait, hold on. Black soldier flies are quicker and whatever.
Speaker B: And then they'll work on point with.
Speaker C: The black soldier flies.
Speaker A: Dubious colony. And the warm colony is large enough to sustain the rapid growth rate of the black children. Right, right.
Speaker B: That's real. We can't just indiscriminately dump pounds and pounds of BFF of hot BSF into a worm bin and. Right. There's going to be diminishing returns or at some point we kill the worms. So like there is going to be.
Speaker A: Some has to be processed.
Speaker C: There's going to, there's going to be.
Speaker B: Some gene counting that has to happen in there. Like how, like how much how intervals and all that kind of.
Speaker A: And so what's going to happen is we're going to feed these to the little quail army we got.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: Because I definitely think we should opt to quail because another cool thing about the concept that we're doing aside from the insect part, you know, the fact that it's all sustainable based on the geography that we're Using like, these are all 100%.
Speaker B: I like that a lot.
Speaker A: We're not trying to bring in a cow from New Zealand.
Speaker B: Yeah. We're not like. We're not like European settlers.
Speaker A: Right, right.
Speaker B: They're trying to be more in line with the Hopi or whatever.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And so is we. Instead of doing this quick flip thing on the cactus, because we've been talking to AI and they're like, oh, that's grandchild. You got a million acres. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker B: Yeah. It's a volume game.
Speaker A: And so, like, this is what I'm thinking. We do do the mother plants. Right. But we aren't planting those plants and buckets every so often. We're taking those cuttings and we're getting them big enough and we're gonna start xenoscaping this with the terraces. So that way this entire property is filled with specimen plants.
Speaker B: And we're like, low key, you know, increasing the property value as we go.
Speaker A: Right, right. And then what's also happening is we're hyper fucking jolting this goddamn soil.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And they're like, first off, cactuses. But you put these like, we got the session cactuses because we ain't done. Did not see no. Like that. Right.
Speaker B: What do you. Hold on.
Speaker C: You kind of cut out a little.
Speaker B: Bit on that one.
Speaker A: Like, our specimen cactus presumably will be the best because we got the best soil. Right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And then so what we're doing. Right. Also is we're growing some weed, you know?
Speaker B: Yep. Just around. I mean, even if we weren't selling it, the amount of money we spend.
Speaker C: On weed in a year.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Telling that we're using it. Save $8,000 a year, and we're using.
Speaker C: It to fucking sell frats. You know, can of rat.
Speaker A: Right, right. And the weed is like the proof.
Speaker C: And the pudding, like, low key.
Speaker B: We go to a farmer's market and we're like, yo, you buy this bag of frass and we'll give you a nug of the product that it grew.
Speaker A: That you can smoke.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, you like the weed?
Speaker B: We grew it with this.
Speaker A: Right, right, right, right. And then we're just. Because what we're doing is we're just creating a sustainable ecosystem for ourselves to reduce cost, you know, in that if our production is so great that we would potentially be able to sell it to somebody else, like around. That's prosperity right there. And what we're doing is potentially in the long term. Exactly. Like the AI is talking about, this cactus has been growing in this super Mega soil for the past five years. School point out, sell it for 50 racks straight up. And what we do is we play. We just straight up play the long term. We get the coolest cactus, most expensive kind of deal. We make sure that it gets big enough that it can survive any thing. We can even go as far as. Because the type of cactus, we can get them in the third. So if storm comes when that gets snapped. Thank you.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Well, the insurance company pays 50 grand.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And then also it's. It's two things, right? Be progress that my dad will taste, and it'll be progress that my brother Duffy will be able to see.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Me and you will be making money and saving money.
Speaker B: Thanks.
Speaker A: And it looks like we got the bones together. And this is the biggest thing. This is the largest obstacle. Are you ready for this, Frankie? Not worried about this. In a kickback right now. What the. We're on the precipice. We're on the mic touch right now.
Speaker B: Oh, with the frat.
Speaker A: Yeah. We gotta deal with the chair.
Speaker B: Yeah. But it's gonna pay out because, like. Because think about it. We're at can of kickback six.
Speaker C: We have with zero.
Speaker B: With zero from us for the community. We've had people hit us up trying to be involved. Right. So, like, the. Like, the kickback has been consistent. Right. And so it's getting the. Even though it's once a year, it's consistently once a year. And. And that's felt. Right. Like it's now that time of year and people are expecting and then blah, blah, blah, blah. Granted, it could be more and we could be doing more and it'd be better and all that, but, like, it's there. So we bust this out and we're talking about selling can of Race. Okay? Can a kickback six. We're putting in the groundwork to ball out on seven with the can of rats.
Speaker A: Exactly what I'm saying.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, you know, so I think we get our fucking piece and Q's together, we start working out this little blueprint thing for my dad so we can be like, hey, this is what it is. This is what you're doing. You can't fucking interfere like you're not. We didn't calculate you into the fucking AI blueprint plan. So, like, you can't. And, you know, if we're getting all of our points and we're still, then you can say we're a failure. But if we haven't even made it to the fucking date yet, you can't come in. You Know, so what do we think?
Speaker C: Give us a year.
Speaker A: Give us a year. You know, the. Make this property profitable.
Speaker C: So we have until the first of the year to get it in order to snuff to be able to like for setup.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: So I dare say we're plotting and planning right now as we go in because all of our real action shit needs to be about kickback about the.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: But I'm talking December 7th. We're fucking insulation in the barn.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, we already got. We got bins on back order. We're insulated the barn and getting that shit cleaned out. We're getting the fucking permanent door on the barn.
Speaker C: We have a look from the kickback to get in order to get our shit.
Speaker A: Gate off the barn successfully kind of deal.
Speaker C: Now what do you think about. So what are we, what are we talking here? We're thinking right now. I have some research that's pending. Okay. And there might be something that gets thrown in the mix. Okay. Or I might suggest something based off that. But what we're thinking right now based on what we've been talking about, it seems like. And correct me if I'm wrong, insect bioreactor unchanged. That's. That's solid.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker C: We're taking cannabis in the garden, quail in the pen. Right. And. And then cactus around the property.
Speaker A: No cactus in the garden as well. So you know that 20 by 30 area, right?
Speaker C: Okay. We should actually go out there and measure all that. Like get real schematic. Right. Now, it's based off what I made up.
Speaker A: We put like six plants in there.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Weed walls. Right. Because based off my calculation, they're gonna need a 10 by 10 swat roughly each plant.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Right. And then you could also plant them in as twins. Right. And then they'll just grow into each other.
Speaker C: Okay. But that would not make it 10ft each direction. 20 by 20 area for those two.
Speaker A: So 10ft central to a wall.
Speaker C: Kind of.
Speaker A: And I guess we can. They just need a 10 foot square. So I guess you centralize it to a five foot epicenter, right?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: No, no, no, no.
Speaker C: You.
Speaker A: You literally plant them right next to each other.
Speaker C: That's what I'm saying.
Speaker A: Yeah. And then, and then you got five feet to the next double cluster. But sometimes you got. You do it in a double cluster because sometimes one of those plants turns to a male.
Speaker C: You know what the scrumming is?
Speaker A: What?
Speaker C: Where you put like the net and then you make it lay down and grow through the different pockets of the net. So it makes the more branches no.
Speaker A: No, no, no, no. We do the. I do the spider web. Right. And so. And what we're going to do is we're going to take T posts. Right?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And we're going to drop them as a box. Right. And we're literally going to get some strain and just line that. It looks complicated.
Speaker C: Okay, hold on. Let's go back a little, because. So we were talking quail, cannabis, and cactus. Quail, cannabis, and cactus.
Speaker B: Yeah, the three C's of Arizona.
Speaker A: Yeah. We're going to change it up from cotton, copper, and we get some copper in there.
Speaker C: I'm not out of copper. We're gonna swap. We're gonna swap cotton out with.
Speaker A: Oh, you know what I'm saying?
Speaker C: Swap cotton out with linen.
Speaker B: But.
Speaker C: Okay, so cannabis, quail, and cactus. Tell you what, the one garden is cannabis and the other garden is cactus.
Speaker B: How does that work?
Speaker A: Yeah. Hey, you want to go on Discord right now and I can just walk it?
Speaker B: Yeah, we can around.
Speaker A: All right. Yeah. Let's go to Thunderdome. Or you want to go to chill and see if anybody has go to Thunderdome?
Speaker C: No, let's go to chill. We're still chill. All right, but don't let's not tag the smoke session task until we're ready.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll have to roll another.
Speaker C: Oh, man. I never got ready.
Speaker A: Oh, man. All.
Speaker C: Right.
