Speaker A: Yo, what up? What up?
Speaker B: You told them to call you to meet you on break.
Speaker A: All right, We got Arizona smokers. They want boxes.
Speaker B: How many spots they got?
Speaker A: 6 one's on power Road. All right, so we need it now. We got them and Nirvana. We have to deliver.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: I already delivered high grade. I still got delivered a Chantel's bar. So.
Speaker B: Yeah. What do you want to do that time?
Speaker A: Hello?
Speaker B: Let me check my sketchy right now.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: Let me find it, but here we go. So I open the close Saturday.
Speaker A: Tomorrow.
Speaker B: Yeah. And then On Sunday I'm 4pm to close.
Speaker A: So you have the morning on Sunday and Monday.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I guess that's when we're delivering shit.
Speaker B: Yeah. So I guess we can do the AZ smokers and then try to do some of the Nirvana stuff on Sunday. And then we just mop as many Nirvana centers on Monday.
Speaker A: Yeah, there's the two outliers. All right, maybe I can do.
Speaker B: I don't know. Let's see. Maybe I can. Depending on if it's slow today, maybe I'll see if I can get Sunday off. Okay. You know. Yeah, that's only at the end of the day. She needs me, right. You know what?
Speaker A: I might be. I mean, you know, I can go as well. Like, I could tomorrow or whatever.
Speaker B: And did you hit up. What's it doing?
Speaker A: July. I hit up July.
Speaker B: All right. So I think they're pretty upset that I called her. I don't. April. I think I called her April.
Speaker A: That's what you told me. I mean, how could they be that upset? Come on.
Speaker B: I was like, look, there's 12 months out of the year. I had a one and 12.
Speaker A: Well. And like.
Speaker B: But these second, like, strike obscure things off the list, like October. And never may have met one.
Speaker A: October or November.
Speaker B: Yeah, Most of the winter months in November, January.
Speaker A: I feel like someone's probably named December, though.
Speaker B: Yeah, I know. That's why I skipped that one.
Speaker A: Yeah. And obviously May, April, June, July. I don't know if there's very many.
Speaker B: August, Right?
Speaker A: I think that's Augustus. Yeah.
Speaker B: And I met a handful of September.
Speaker A: Really? Yeah. Oh, yeah. That hippie crowd.
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker A: I am named June Bean.
Speaker B: They call me Jumping Cactus.
Speaker A: Jumping Cactus. All right. And then we got H Steaks coming. Hey, tomorrow. And then I can get out to that. Dude, I'll buy that thing today or tomorrow. The boards.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And then so we got that going on, which is the whole thing.
Speaker B: But other than that, we literally have a week. Hit a can of kickback.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, other Than that. What do you mean other than that? Like, we got a week there, you know, no qualifier on that.
Speaker B: Yeah. So this is what I say. We'll hit it out to the can of cream. Be like, guys, this Sunday is the final walk through of the facility. If you want. If you're involved with the can of.
Speaker A: Crew at all, this is the time.
Speaker B: This would be the day to come.
Speaker A: Is. Are we supposed. Should we decorate then?
Speaker B: Yeah, bring decorations all that weird. Like, we're getting funky on Sunday.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: Like I said, we start rearranging stuff. Yeah, yeah. Like. Well, yeah, it's Sunday. I can always pop out here. Like, let's really drag our nuts across the floor on this one. All right.
Speaker A: Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday. Dare I say.
Speaker B: Anybody that doesn't come Sunday, come Saturday has downright no input whatsoever. You know, And I'll even leave it to Greg. Greg. She showed up on one of the walkthrough days. We'll let him have input.
Speaker A: I mean, Greg probably come through on Sunday if we said something like that one day.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: You know, so around. I guess that was a skunk session. But. All right, What else?
Speaker B: I don't know. I think just really finishing up the boxes and they just really bombarding these advertisements as well.
Speaker A: I think that, you know, what's gonna happen or what we're kind of setting ourselves up for, which, you know, obviously, had we done this a month ago, it would be better, but our toy driver's gonna be popping.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I think, you know, and dare I.
Speaker B: Say, I think we're gonna probably tie. You know, I'm not having high hopes with those eating our record, but I think we're doing. We're gonna be doing really good. Yeah.
Speaker A: I don't know what that's gonna look like on the 6th, but.
Speaker B: Right. Exactly what I was thinking about. But also, I've been chopping it up with a gang of locals and stuff. I'm like the one dude, Richard, he's one of the locals. He's like, yeah, I'm gonna come through with hella toys. He's like, I don't smoke, but I'm come to six, I'm bringing toys.
Speaker A: Should we get a. Oh, yeah, no, I guess we gotta go Ginza. I was gonna say, should we have a box at bashes? They even let us. They probably.
Speaker B: No, that guy's a dick.
Speaker A: Bashes guy.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: His coach how. Used to be friends with him.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: And he would say all sorts of weird. But look, I think I gotta. They only gave me a half hour break, so. All right, I'll hit you up in a little bit. If it slows down schizo, we can figure out what to keep doing.
Speaker A: Okay, well, I'm gonna have something nice here in a second.
Speaker B: And then. All right, so I sent you the wine money for some flowers, right?
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: We have to assess the situation and at least get a P and a hat. Yeah. Okay, so we're gonna have to figure that out. All right, well, how.
Speaker A: How much Keith counts for that. Dead ass?
Speaker B: I know. You are.
Speaker A: Also, Gilbert, I hate to say this, but I think you and Bong Blaze are the only ones expecting us to hand out just, like, troves of weed.
Speaker B: Excellent.
Speaker A: So, like, if it's not really like that, it's gonna be okay.
Speaker B: Okay. All right, let's acquire trolls, just in case.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: All right, I gotta go back. I'll talk to you later.
Speaker A: Okay?
Speaker B: All right, peace out.
