Speaker A: Sean, the sushi chef.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: He put in two weeks yesterday.
Speaker B: Oh, shit.
Speaker A: And told Maggie that she was wilding the motherfuckers be shorting his tips and like, he ain't got shit to do. And he's got a small station because she's busting his balls about like getting ono his phone and like croping down and stuff like that. But like nobod in the fucking restaurant. And he doesn't have as many responsibilities heep everybody else kind of deal, right?
Speaker B: He just makes sushi, right?
Speaker A: So he's like, you know, like, f y'all good deal.
Speaker B: Damn.
Speaker A: And so. So I'm lowucky like a couple things something like fuck, right? Like I'm not changeained to do that. But then the second half of me was like, man, I better get trade real quick because I'll be able to get tips and don'll straight up ask my like, yo, Sean getting paid. He don't work here anymore. I'm the fuck sui.
Speaker B: Yeah, but then does that mean you work every day again?
Speaker A: Oh, that means I will be working every day, but also have a significant pay rateise.
Speaker B: That's true.
Speaker A: And I beginning tips.
Speaker B: You need to get trained though, right?
Speaker A: The only thing I'm really not trained in is to sh me. But like all that other shit. Well.
Speaker B: Cause then all the whole quality of Ginza sushis is on you just went. Unless she convinces him to stay.
Speaker A: Right, Right. So.
Speaker B: Or she's gonna start doing sushi. That's probably what'happen that's really what.
Speaker A: Because she's all upset. It'frustrated and she's trying to make certain cuts because it's summertime this, that, and so that's what's really going on. And she's so upset that a summertime that she's not making money. So all the weird things that we're always able to.
Speaker B: Not only is it a seasonal area Arizona, but you're like in Gold Canyon. So it's like even more like double whammy. Like, I'm sure it's slowed in Scottsdale too, right?
Speaker A: But not to the screeching fucking hol. I don't think there's anybody in the restaurant yesterday.
Speaker B: Holy fuck. She should go to. She should just close Monday, Tuesday or something, right?
Speaker A: We told her the close, like Sunday.
Speaker B: Pick the 3, 4 busiest days, open them and go ham. And then normal hours in the winter. Ain't nothing wrong with that, right?
Speaker A: And then everybody just works Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
Speaker B: Yeah. And then you fucking and yeah. Y go, yeah. Oh, you Gotta pull the glass piece. Yeah, yeah. That's what it was. That. It's a whole different game out of this bong. Yeah. Especially if you're losing the sushi chef. Like that's far.
Speaker A: And then more towards our kind of thing. Man, those were some shitty ass strippers. Oh.
Speaker B: As far as the stripping goes. Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Ye yeah.
Speaker B: Which is what was paid for, I guess.
Speaker A: Outra.
Speaker B: I kind of feel like you paid to massage Delilah and get massaged. Whatever happened there.
Speaker A: Yeahe the minimal. I fell asleep one them boobies. She was rubbing my shoulder. I'm willing to pay a better rate for better stripp.
Speaker B: I think it'd be substantially better rate. We really got, I feel like quite the discount. Like we paid less than we would have paid to go to the private room in the club. Right.
Speaker A: Substantially.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And because she stripp up like $5 for. For the house called for an hour.
Speaker B: Right. And they there for howl long. I mean even without that, they were there for more than an hour, I think.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Now they were chilling because that was the whole thing. It was like she was going toa come through for like an hour or so and they were going teams, right? And they, they were chilling. As a matter of fact, they didn't want to leave.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: By the time it got to that point, they were re like delil was just trying to talk the other girl out of it.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Like well, but then we gotta stay there all night.
Speaker A: Right, Right, right. I just didn't have extra hands.
Speaker B: Nah, the fact, I mean we had to expect it.
Speaker A: But that's what you, that's what you expect when you don't know what to expect. Right. Well, like everything was fin how you.
Speaker B: Gonna bring the skinny dumbhe?
Speaker A: Why?
Speaker B: There was supposed to be another one, right? Who knows about that one?
Speaker A: That chick was equally sky equally as skinny. Yeah, she was'you know, when she told me she was gonna bring that friend, I you know, because that was the chick that gave at that spot. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was the. At the facility. Gave me theuck who be this dude which is likeing tellail off right off top. And then I guess this is my real beef, right. You know, and I don't know how to put this like this is whatever, right. But I'm mot fucking told the live of the explicitly. It's explicitly multiple times to dance for me.
Speaker B: Oh. You know, I thought you meant no black girls.
Speaker A: No, no. Oh, oh. In that two things.
Speaker B: That's why I felt like she was fucking with you. Then she tr Tried to switch.
Speaker A: I explicitly told Delilah that I didn't want a black kit because I had a black wife. And like that fucking. I just fucking. If I wanted the fucking black bitch strpt for me, I just go home.
Speaker B: You know, like, you're there for something exotic, right? Yeah.
Speaker A: And then I specifically asked for her the dance for me.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Which that's whatever. You know, more specifically seven note Frankie smashing pass. That seems like an opportunity.
Speaker B: What? Delilah.
Speaker A: That seems strange. Something strange for sure.
Speaker B: O. I don't know.
Speaker A: Another thing you can't.
Speaker B: You can't tell anything. She's a stripper, yo. You don't know what the fuck.
Speaker A: Also, when u after I started rubbing on her friend rightp. Her friend like, refused to get out of my lap. And Delilah was multiple times like, yeah, you think we should switch? Yeah.
Speaker B: I even said, yeah.
Speaker A: She was like, nah. And then as all that's concerned too right? One the fucking getting kickback. Right H because I was talking to Jay and I was like, $300 for seven hours of work for Vegas bitches that are so P.O. you know, I think we can get above average Arizona bitches for o to be an elf. Right.
Speaker B: I mean, this was the plan last.
Speaker A: Floated last year and or could potentially be cheaper. Right. This plane was floated last year, but we had no baseline to work off of.
Speaker B: We never hired hose before.
Speaker A: We never hired hose before. All right, one more bowl. I gott right. We never hired hose before. We didn't know what it was going to be like. And especially because of how everything is going, I don't think we need as.
Speaker B: Min one, maybe two.
Speaker A: Thank you. Thank you. And I was thinking three as a deep end.
Speaker B: Ye we could probably get a free.
Speaker A: Three, especially because of how compact. Now this is the cool thing that I think about the can conn a can of kickback.
Speaker B: That's GPT, man.
Speaker A: That's really dope. Is the fact that we're expanding but compacting kind of g You know, like, we didn't have a huge ass festival like we did with Arizona Organics, but we accomplished a greater goal with less people, presumably.
Speaker B: Maybe. I mean, I don't know. Yeah. I mean, we don't really have go.
Speaker A: The goal is to earn more money for the charity than we did Laski year.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Right. That's the mental goal that I've given myself because that's the goal we keep achieving.
Speaker B: I'm not mad at that.
Speaker A: You know, and also when I tell people the story, like, hey, you know, we started in the back alley fucking first Year we raised four grand. Next was five. Next. Next. Next is fucking seven racks. They had to turn down donations kind of deal, you know, so, like, fuck around. And so people are getting excited, you know what I'm saying? And fucking. And just that whole fucking. We're doing better than we did last year. Seems like a good. That's a good finish. That's like the whole beginning, middle, and end thing, you know, we're gonna do this thing, and we're gonna go on our journey, and the end result is to have a better journey than we had last year. Great kind of deal.
Speaker B: Hear me out. I like that. And we'll maximize that.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: There's other data qu to track. So let's say we spent a thousand dollars on hose, which is just insane. Let's just say we did. Let's say we spent a thousand dollars on the venue, and then let's say we spent a thousand dollars on weed and food. Is that reasonable?
Speaker A: Three racks.
Speaker B: Okay, so how did we say we were gonna make money? Food.
Speaker A: Food.
Speaker B: So then.
Speaker A: And in food and memorabilia, we'll say.
Speaker B: Yeah, but so, honestly, I think with that, we should count that more. Like, I think that should be separate, and that should be Trapper Dance mission and goal, you know what I'm saying? As if Dram was a vendor.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: So we have that separation, and we don't tie that necessarily into the event. I mean, in the sense of our calculations, it can be woven into the event as much as we want, as much as we've talked about. But like I'm saying, like, for trying to figure out how much money to come back, for how much we put out, then also, that means Trapperan stuff is not a can of crew expense. It's Trapp v expense. So it's not part of the 3K. Get what I'm saying?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And then, so technically, we would sell the booth or what have you to Trapper or Trapper would sponsor in some capacity.
Speaker A: Right, right.
Speaker B: And it seems tedious, but I think it's important. My only thing about that is because we shouldn't tie the success of our thing to whether or not we sell a merch. Right, right, right, right, right. And then Trapper also needs its own shit. Yeah, but food. How do we make. We got to make $3,000 worth of food off of 500 bucksez.
Speaker A: You know? Well, that's why we got presumably other stuff.
Speaker B: Let's think about this. Let's say. Let's say we target 4k in food, and there's a hundred people that's 40 bucks a person. So we're selling them a fucking dinner. That's a lot of money. But if it's 200 people, it's 20 bucks a person, which is realistic.
Speaker A: Right. And then that's how bud theyn get it. Roughly hu 200.
Speaker B: People. No, not bad. We do more, we make more. And that's the incentive right there. Right. But not ticket sales.
Speaker A: Right, right.
Speaker B: We also got to think about marketing expense and stuff like that. And here's the thing.
Speaker A: And also with the free tickets, you know, presumably they're spending more money inside.
Speaker B: Yeah, well. And we get more heads in. Exactly. And then that's more dollar canas, soda water bottles, y whatever the menu is. And that's kind of something we gott think about.
Speaker A: Licking my boot.
Speaker B: But I. I definitely think that we need to have a real plan on that. And, like, a lot of. So, like, what if it's a situation where it's a thousand? Well, we. That I don't know. It's kind of like chicken. What comes first, chicken or lamb? And as far as the plan goes. But I kind of forget what I'mean Yeah, it is N the strikes again, I say, this is the only dog I've ever had. And it's based on your advice that Iore my mom was on there trapping him and all that stuff in. We can't trap him. And, like, I let him off the lead at when we would go hik and stuff because. So he doesn't feel trapped and doesn't feel like he has to escape.
Speaker A: Right? Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah. He's just chilling.
Speaker A: Excite. I gotta get out while I got it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right. Thanks again. I'll hitng you up a little bit. Probably I gotta help my mom set up for this 11 top, but she said I didn't have the Dr. Like that. Andus I just kind of like prep j who know. I'll talk to you later.
Speaker B: All right. Yes, sir. Think about ways to make money at kickbackag.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Because I definitely liked oh, yeah.
Speaker A: They come to pick machine up or.
Speaker B: It is the end of the month. I was dep debating on whether I got money that's supposed to come in. I'm debating what I should do, But I was in there cutting these stickers yesterday, and it was giving me some problems. I'm like, man, this is just. And I was like, it'take me two days to do this. That's on the price that I would cut off if I middlemanned it.
Speaker A: Oh, we're about ready. The looseive staffer.
Speaker B: The rest you'renn tradeain me on sushi. Right. He's up. All right, goide. Let's go inside. Oh, I got a f.
