Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: U get the recorder out all I'm there right there. Has to do it the el.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Instead of us getting like a lame ass fucking elf costume or something stupid like that. This is our prime opportunity to make a caperan elf costume.
Speaker A: Okay. And because you differently it means something different or what's up? What is costume?
Speaker B: So. So I was thinking like a crop top hoodie of some sort. You know like a red one that we like ha up with the white frails or something. I don't know.
Speaker A: I got you.
Speaker B: I'm still spitball and mentally on what the exact costume would be. But this is the time that we fing hit that trap concept like. Like that, like urban maybe maybe even like uh, that GPT and like make up some mock images of what it could look like.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: You know, just so we can get the fucking snowball rolling kind of deal.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: But no, I'm mentally thinking like this is our chance to have our own custom, you know, trap el fucking. You know what I'm saying?
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: Some sort of whatever the fuck, you know.
Speaker A: Mm hmm.
Speaker B: So we. Because, because I was like man, I caus if theory I should start getting feelers out. I meanus think about it, right. We need weed, we need help, we need facility. Right. Everything else we can kind of like figure out and facilitate. But those are all the things that we gotta facilitate by a third party health. Right.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And so u I think it's a little early to hit up the plug on the weed.
Speaker A: Oh. Oh yeah.
Speaker B: We'wait we'll wait till like November or something like that.
Speaker A: I mean he could know that it's coming but youeah right.
Speaker B: Because I think we're gonna need 2 pounds of wheat and 2 ounces of flax.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Where should we just go fucking connect and just get a houseunce of fucking live off there. Not even fuck with the bow.
Speaker A: I don't know. I think there's still some. We still don't have a clear what we'renna do. Right.
Speaker B: We know. We know we gotta accumulate as much weird sh as possible to put in boxes to wrap up. Right.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: U we know that we're going to be given big wee for free. And so we need to organize all the ways that we're gonna smoke said wee.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: Uh, late to reach out to like chill Pipe and Special K and all those guys at least to start getting that seed growing on that, you know.
Speaker A: Yeah. We need to come up with what we want from them.
Speaker B: Right, Right. Right. So let's hear me out right. Today'Thursday let's get. Let's give ourselves till Sunday. Right. To create the ask for the companies for the donations. Right.
Speaker A: Well, okay, I think that that entail. That means that we have to come up with all the shit we're gonna do at the kickback by Sunday.
Speaker B: Well, at least a majority of it.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: He man so like. And then we already know the initial stuff, right? We know we'renna be doing the charity thing. We know we're gonna be having giveaways. We know that we'renna be playing ring toss. You know, we should hit up and get fillers out for musical entertainment.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean, kind of depends on venue, but yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Right. Like, we need to know kind of.
Speaker B: Space mag Maggie isn't gonna be in work today.
Speaker A: Well, as soon as we can figure that, we should probably start thinking about bnc.
Speaker B: Right? Right. Yeah, yeah. Now, facts. Yeah, we'll talk to Magie about that. But as is concerned. Yeah, no, we're already on plan BNC in my mind for location venue ###ay all right. We know on average it's gonna cost about two racks.
Speaker A: Two racks.
Speaker B: I mean, that. That'roughly how much everybody else was f we 2,000 here, 20,500 there, you know, but that'like that's like mainstream event ve used, I guess, if that makes sense. So this's to say we can't do something out of the box with the at of location. That it doesn't necessarily host that kind of stuff, but could.
Speaker A: Right. The location is important.
Speaker B: You need the warehouse space.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: All right, I'm ready. Get my phone connection. I was just thinking about that loosely. I'll hit you in a little bit, man. Game playing Pivot and his cana kickback.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: All right, I'll talk to you later.
