Speaker A: Yeah. So I'm just saying it could help us. We could. We could use that to benefit us, make some money off of it, potentially. My thought was less us actually buying it and more selling it on his behalf still.
Speaker B: Put that down, please. Can you put that back? Thank you, aj. No, put that back. Thank you. Go do something less destructive. Sorry, I'm back.
Speaker A: My thought was less we like buy it and more sell it on his behalf.
Speaker B: So what?
Speaker A: Sell it on his behalf?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Like, we roll up to his spot and sell it out of his fucking.
Speaker B: Thing on the Internet, boy.
Speaker A: Right. And then we like, supp.
Speaker B: Yeah, because we don't want to be obligated to buy store, try to resell.
Speaker A: We know we don't have the resources to do that. So, I mean, unless the skunks are trying to blow the wad on fucking bunch of VIP glass. All right, which is pretty fucking wild, but we wouldn't be able to roll up to that dude's shit and sell it on the Internet if we haven't already established us selling shit on the Internet.
Speaker B: All right?
Speaker A: Right. So, like, that's what we would have to do. Which was the reason why I brought it up is because that was something that we were already talking about and planning on doing. Right. So, I mean, it's. Is it. Is it. Dang, it's just a little too soon or is it the perfect timing? You get what I'm saying?
Speaker B: Yeah. Think it's motherucking perfect. Ding.
Speaker A: So then we need to get on the Internet and start fucking selling shit on Live like fucking four months.
Speaker B: Do that. Yeah, I'll start selling my body.
Speaker A: There you go. That's a start. That's the fucking kind of attitude I'm looking for, Gilbert.
Speaker B: A go getter mentalityab community goes under.
Speaker A: Behind the scenes.
Speaker B: Have they said be behind the sp screens.
Speaker C: Hereers.
Speaker A: Damn these fucking.
Speaker B: Why is it so hard to do this slightly? Del, so what happens when you eat a processed foods first thing in the morning and go't e get any o.
Speaker A: Damn y I'm so glad I don't look at your life hanger.
Speaker B: I need Whole Foods in my life.
Speaker C: Whole Foods.
Speaker A: That's where it's at. Dam need to just get rid of those fucking. Those apostrophes are the biggest pan there. Damn, man. This is o fuck. I need that other thing, but I don't want to go over there.
Speaker C: It.
Speaker A: All right. Does fucking apostrophe just won t stay.
Speaker B: Oh, DJI just released an electric bicycle. Sh'like ten racks be what you say to me what sure but I live.
Speaker A: Oh no not okay.
Speaker B: Want to see that 20 my honey was it's all I smok is bl they go flat they won be you see the you.
Speaker A: See the the thing Mason put in.
Speaker B: Discord no what did he say it's.
Speaker A: Your theme song.
Speaker B: O let put this anime real quick let's this I gotta check it out with.
Speaker C: ``Be I want toj mom you work so far again fin plan I can't believe.
Speaker A: Damn why is that so hard to to stay on there what if I do this.
Speaker C: Not going to kill everything does she face off this the opportunity to fight let's continue the shinokbi mast.
Speaker B: Why are.
Speaker C: You your.
Speaker B: Almost blind? And then I'm running u the concept right now this is what they told me u option a crop buffer jacket green velvet or iridescent material for a trim on the collar slightly oversized for a street look Option a bottom high waisted cargo shorts with candies red zippers or belt or belt strap detail. Let's see what it comes we could potentially order a couple of jackets and have a sleepy embroidery then all right.
Speaker A: We.
Speaker B: This is what I came up.
Speaker C: With.
Speaker B: The option a concept.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Must.
Speaker A: Take a long time.
Speaker B: What Mr. Pickles.
Speaker C: It please everything find.
Speaker B: Bl bl black smoke I got p up.
Speaker A: Then there's so many of these.
Speaker C: Thank you.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker A: Ye I was trying to decline the call and I hung up this one.
Speaker B: You son of a bitch.
Speaker A: I need the other thing this is not okay I thought it was gonna work and I guess technically it's working.
Speaker C: But.
Speaker A: Just I gotine hard drive comes today.
Speaker C: Short.
Speaker B: And don co road no.
Speaker A: Well the graphics card car comes tomorrow what I need to do is I need to sell a couple I need to start selling the digital sho.
Speaker C: This is one of those nos of the house o 2 of usually me 8 inces.
Speaker A: Damn.
Speaker B: I whipped up some of these marksks I just wasn't feeling it I since it seems some pretty genetics I meanuse I'm thinking that like we just get a green hoodie and fucking crop that right Press theucking elf print on it and then some motherfucking red booty shorts kind of deal and I just I guess I didn't know like well you can do like jean shorts or something like that and then make them wear like the candy cane stockings okay that's my concep and then we'll give them a green sock beanie.
Speaker C: I.
Speaker B: Keep thinking the fuck you fire alarm when my house is going off every time that beeps. The fuck is that?
Speaker A: Hat press.
Speaker B: Are you making more hats?
Speaker A: No, I'm making pencil pouches.
Speaker B: Also, every time we get an order in, we probably. We should probably live stream it.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: For, like, a product update, right?
Speaker A: This is print shop. Stuff.
Speaker C: It. Ow.
Speaker A: Oh, my bolly. There's no dogs at the dog park. We went too late. You don't work today, Gilbert.
Speaker B: Yeah, four.
Speaker C: Let's go. What are le need?
Speaker B: All right, let's see. All right, I gave it a little bit more direction, so let's see what happens.
Speaker C: It it.
Speaker A: What happened?
Speaker B: Who not on my side. No facing now.
Speaker A: What about the Jews?
Speaker B: Oh, I have to take a pool.
Speaker C: It.
Speaker B: Where am I?
Speaker A: All right. ###it I get the other machine. Everyd knows nameongit Sorry, you can't go with. But you gotta stay here. Oh, I gott. I got something for you, though.
Speaker B: Got the mic.
Speaker A: Got the mic. Yo, yo, yo, yo.
Speaker B: No, I played the wrong character. Oh, no.
Speaker A: Uh.
Speaker C: Ohh.
Speaker A: Let's see what kind of come here of lingual libra me all belongo in the mil over below There is more to see than belong over sa your mom Dan's little helper trapper help not mad at green top, red bottoms. I don't know what the kind of beanie that is, though. Yeah, or the hats. They're both weird. They' that's interesting. More than can ever be seen. More poop than can ever be. Eat.
Speaker C: It. Come on.
Speaker B: Go.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker B: So I guess we should start with broad Strokes with the can of kickback rep for the list.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: And that way we can start figuring out what to focus on based on priority.
Speaker A: Well, okay. Venue.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: And I think we did, like, the three major strokes kind of deal, like the venue, the help, and the.
Speaker A: Oh, you said music or something really music.
Speaker B: Why do they insist on putting the hair on the outside?
Speaker C: Ed of.
Speaker A: You're not telling me to do that.
Speaker B: Hold on.
Speaker A: Getting a call.
