Speaker A: 11.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I told them to meet us there at 10:30. The show starts at 11. That gives us a half hour to wait in line, get our passes and give them the quick spiel. I gave them an itinerary of what to do and how to do it. But Amanda still calleds me, although she was the one that requested it and asked me what she was doing, so. Nice. Yeah. So we're gonna have to scre Right, Right. Right. But basically it's just send them both.
Speaker C: The links to the YouTube right now. Review. This is us last year. More or less we're doing this. We have some differences to try to make it better, but this is generally what's going on.
Speaker B: M Chance wants us to get you.
Speaker C: Chs can suck my f.
Speaker B: Last year homie walked up on some you know who you. Your mama. Remember how just point at you? I was like. He was like okay. I was like yeaheah.
Speaker C: Keep it fer Damn, man. They don't know how to fold.
Speaker A: Do they fold with.
Speaker C: They fold like shit. Manuck.
Speaker B: Pre exposure Chance.
Speaker C: Yeah. You don't want us exposing ourselves.
Speaker B: I might expos myself, man.
Speaker C: Usually it costs money to get this kind of exposure. The little pictures are kind of cool.
Speaker A: Yeah, right?
Speaker C: Yeah. Those came out.
Speaker B: One stand there likeququ she's got the thing I like. You seem a little bit like nice.
Speaker A: This is what I like. I think.
Speaker C: The template. The template'not on point. A template take away. Well, we should have brought fanny packs.
Speaker A: Oh, man. He's gonna how that ch vies because.
Speaker C: You sponsored the kickback, right? So what you got coming?
Speaker A: This.
Speaker C: All he did was sell us broken bombs.
Speaker A: Yeah, right Dam. But that was a ste.
Speaker C: It was a steel.
Speaker B: I got my first chill. Yeah.
Speaker A: I need to get one this year.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker A: Yeah. I think this looks way better.
Speaker B: Feel n.
Speaker C: Check qr.
Speaker A: Oh, I was. I was freaking out. No, that's the is the other gimbal. This what Secondess music but I u but feel was underneath one my lenses. So I thought Sorry, Frankie. It looks like you're using this one.
Speaker C: You share free link and assets.
Speaker B: What was it?
Speaker C: Cohibit Coll. So that for the charge?
Speaker A: Oh, the three questions. Who are you? What company is this? How do we get your product? Anything else? JFF did Jeffrey Epson. I think we should buy that out and depend on what's going on.
Speaker C: Well, I was thinking that for a. Oh.
Speaker A: And then this is what's going on. Bonus round. Hey, we got a bunch of shit done on day one and day two a lot quicker than anticipated. And we both delilland and the decip to show for all three days me so third day I think or Frank not me Frankie was talking about with you post up with the camera in an interview like fashion and stop buys on their way out the door and ask them things like what did you guys think of the show this year? Did you buy anything? What would you like to next year the Jeffrey EP didn kill him and then that's when we kind of hit the champs show specific questions and then extended interviews if we saw like hey man there's this one company I had this really doe product you know we should go and get that extra little and then also we should already hit up the companies that we mess with.
Speaker C: Kind of.
Speaker A: Shill pipe special care the got a rep there and then get an extended interview with those people smoke trap you know all that kind of.
Speaker C: Stuff.
Speaker A: Anything else Yeahired I thought they PA Wait a second. Check out this that's what it that's.
Speaker C: Not this didn't have anyect.
Speaker A: Time this.
Speaker B: Is pretty much the samenure.
Speaker A: Yeah disconct.
Speaker C: From me too thing what'weird the door co is last part myone'not she not.
Speaker B: I don't feel comfor connect to.
Speaker A: Black rock what else we got in computer.
Speaker C: Bo we should do.
Speaker A: We should do.
Speaker C: Ag portion of ask observ capture the figure out the people energy should get there early got ask that and then so se for observ psyolog different mind on camera different character it's gota be of.
Speaker A: But like.
Speaker C: Or we got a mice I can't myself on the side that's trying because here is my BEF after upload the video product it's cool for having every boot every product but as far as the YouTube video goes it's. There's no text, there's no information just there. You know what I mean? It's just booth one to a thousand.
Speaker A: That'S it right well because we planned a grand to editing of like having the people's information pop on the bottom.
Speaker C: Of it but still even with that even if we have that there's still no kind of body I mean I want to say a story but I say that too much so like.
Speaker A: No like like an end result kind of deal anything like a beginning in to.
Speaker C: Finish type so what I was thinking is we get u we do the documented thing and we could potentially be that in there or we separate but like because we're going to have to break it up into multiple videos.
Speaker A: Right? All right.
Speaker C: Right so u initially I Was thinking.
Speaker B: We would do it the robot bro.
Speaker C: Get into two pieces that made sense and we'kind of cool. But then the other robot pointed out is a lot that's a lot like a lot of like not only like it kind of two things. It's a lot of post production because they'd have to go through and sift and pull certain things out and like just say like, oh, do all the glass artists and whatever else on one day. And then do all the uh. On the second video and then on the first one do like all the highly anticipated B.O. like big headliners, you know. And then. But then that was. You know, that takes a lot on the back end which we're not very on top of. And so the. So splitting it geographically, you make it easier in more sense. Like the bottom floor on the top floor or Booth. You know, 1,000 to 6,000, 7,010re having that. But then it'interesting because some of the stuff that he were talking about it was bringing up and like some type of competitive thing potentially between our people to try to find the coous product or whatever. And I really. The only thing I different is we just have to get a couple different shots that we wouldn't want to get. So like.
Speaker A: One thing that I like for and the competition one and this is something that we can'pick like the one to camera through is looking at the most free samples because it's super like niche thing. And it's one of those things where we can start right. And then you can kind of do like the T.R. parkys kind of scenario where it's like we're like where we get on camera like ye. Hey, this is the competition. This team. This team. And then during our little film in the lang we can be like y. Like how many four I got so far. Kind of like showing the progress in comparison the two. And then that way that post production is kind of blended in.
Speaker C: Of content partly. I mean not what you got. I guess I don't know if I want to put carry around a bunch of bags camera.
Speaker B: Yeah. Was.
Speaker A: We get the girls and we go up to all the different Bo.
Speaker C: You rateselfik.
Speaker A: Oh oh, the cute product thing T.
Speaker C: You can't pick another. He should have brought. So what I was thinking Isank.
Speaker A: Out.
Speaker C: How to the bas. Yeah.
Speaker A: That way you can have a little pocket amp, you know. And then like we can say something that you literally just step into the camera of the back and fucking.
Speaker C: But so this is what I'm thinking. We really like the documentary Thing like, as far as anything that we've done at a chance, I feel like we at least the three of us really enjoy that other people did. My mom talks about it to this day. Yeah, the five minute video, the documentary style with Ste'and the burning and all that shit.
Speaker A: O yeah, right.
Speaker C: And so the shortcoming with that approach with what actually happened was that there was no story, there was no cohesive. It was really hard for me just even just thinking about looking at that stuff. And when I had edited and granted that's, you know, on the editing process partially, but like there was. What. What do you do next? Go to the show. Okay. And then like we all mentioned dopeasioa in our little interview thing. And then. And then we never like really I we ran them on, but we didn't have it on film. You know what I mean? And so like, we. There wasn't a narrative or a story that we painted.
Speaker B: Also.
Speaker C: We need that.
Speaker B: Think about the equipment. You'w I mean, that's $30 camera and no mics.
Speaker C: Yeah, just the mic that was on there. Holdh on. We had the zoom record.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Theoo hold on dope. Hold on clap.
Speaker B: Great.
Speaker C: So we also have a little better setup for that kind of thingg. But, um, the thing is to's two full. We didn't have a story and. And then also we didn't have planned shots. It was solely the campcorder. Right. Which has us kind of.
Speaker B: That's where order was.
Speaker C: But it kind of has an appeal. Right? Like, uh, like Blair Witchch or something homemade. It's got a. It'um vibe. So, like, it's doable, but like, as far as like our story or like we got five minutes out of it and then we got us walking around Chance and like eating lunch and like, I m like, how is that?
Speaker B: Couple interviews in the room.
Speaker C: Yeah, no, there's more of that. We got plenty of that. But like, there's got be balance between that and the other shit and it's gotta like cross.
Speaker B: And then like, we needed Ste like, yo, look at this. This.
Speaker C: I get a booth potentially.
Speaker B: Yeah, like, enjoying the show.
Speaker C: So if we want to do the talking head thing, like the office and a little thing and have it in there, we need to get those shots. And so that's why I was saying if our thing was, uh, the. I think the easiest thing would be we're filming every booth and every product at Chance. And like, we're going to do that and then our story is mission successful or not. And the journey there and but then in with that we need more than just our talking heads. We do. We need other people's perspectives and whatnot. Right. Especially when we talk about trying to find new stuff or dope stuff. Other people have to tell us that and so we have to talk to them on camera. And we don't necessarily have to be on camera like but they have to be on camera saying something and they don't even have to be on the mic, but they have to have good audio and and know I'SAYING that I think if we gave them a mic they're go going to turn into a.
Speaker B: Different.
Speaker C: Or deer in the headline. O but if they're just talking might get some good shit. Y and u we need that from Randos's and we need that from us. And I think u the champs, the buyers are going to point us in the right direction of what's popular. And if we find a booth that's dope and we film it because we're filming everything, right Then we'll have that and we'll have potentially people talking about it separately for the first half like in anticipation and in the second half like that sh was dope, right? And uh uh, I think u need hear and so they're only showing up 30 minutes early.
Speaker A: Should it be earlier?
Speaker C: Fuck the U U what that means is that they're not going to get any of this, at least in the beginning because there's gonna be a lot of people standing around and they're fucking prime for picking all the buyers when they're standing around like you walk up anyway, what are you looking for? Yeah, we're feeling here for. Are you looking for what? Well you love about champs all that kind of shit, right? To get general vibe and maybe we use like four of the people's responses but we need a bunch so we.
Speaker B: Can get some good medw Champ Champs are reposted shit and they just reposted socksalk and smoking blood. So we can't even smoking the ve.
Speaker C: And I think the people that work at champs will be good to have on film talking about certain booths because they're gonna have a whole different set of motives and push and insight and push us different directions and whatnot. And we need that on film too. But. But if we pull up on them like this then they start questioning and like what are you guys doing? What you don't have a media pass? So that's where the metas and the sneak might come in. And u and then we're talking to like the bitch behind the cameer maybe not security guard.
Speaker B: You should get the whole. I mean even the whole like. Like Simon in type shit. Like the legitimate behind the scenes shit the b broll.
Speaker C: Like in there like.
Speaker B: When women walk up and get our badges. That whole thing like that's experience.
Speaker C: Sure.
Speaker B: That's something that most people't know or understand.
Speaker C: So okay. And so that's the kind of sh I'm talking about. So like for that there has to be like a camera. Like you have to be. We have to think about where what we're filming and where the camera is and that kind of thing.
Speaker B: I just thought metow right now.
Speaker C: Metows are cool. Metas are a weird angle. Are not weird angle weird frame. And u gott have them on the.
Speaker B: Glasses on video on the phone.
Speaker C: Well I mean like so like we put it in a 16 by now. I mean yeah we can use the metas but I mean.
Speaker B: Yeah, so that is what I thought.
Speaker C: I like the little comp Anything that can be woven into everything pro just get. Because it'll enrich the final video. So some kind of competitive talked about two different types of competitive things amongst our crew. One could be with the h host and they're like on the search for a product whole time and they're competing with each other to find the cutest bomb the cutest product or ever.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: Or some type of it's not cute something. Right. And we put it on mic operators because they're not us. They're potentially be on the camera through most of the every their product video and and they you know they can be. They'looking at shit. So then the other one was the could'grabd the Most free shit ###e.
Speaker B: Well.
Speaker C: I like to exit because if u Because that's the thing too. I mean really it all just depends on what's the scope of whatever and video we're trying to make. And you got a reverse engineer that and playing the shots accordingly and then capture the shots without the shots. You can't have video. So it's a story.
Speaker A: Don'T got one. We got a bunch.
Speaker C: That video getting did they collab.
Speaker B: Trade champ point. So it's just they paid so much.
Speaker C: To do this.
Speaker B: But so that you didn't like that.
Speaker C: I don't ever like any of that kind.
Speaker A: Yeah it's the same thing that they do. Just weird quick montage fading stuff no.
Speaker C: Substance with just trying to show you stuff that you like.
Speaker A: So yeah. What submission that we're going to try.
Speaker C: To pursue no, there's been a bunch.
Speaker B: Of stuff talk about.
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker A: We can rephrase it.
Speaker C: We can't go.
Speaker A: We can call it the coolest wee accessory, you know and then we can have the community like rate it afterwards. Like who do you think will want like for this one and share for the other one. Right. For a. Like for one to comment for the other or comment whatever we create. So I think we should do the scavenger hu thing.
Speaker C: I don't know how we scaveng. That sounds like landing for and like some kind of idea of what's there.
Speaker A: We know that there's you know, cannabis industry there. So'just specifically so the right.
Speaker C: You gotta check right now 10 strains of THCA you come across. Or like you gotta find the cheetah print, chill pipe that kind of shit.
Speaker A: No, I was thinking he is a scavenger hunt for whateverever reason. But I was thinking like the TN1 Team A and Team B are competing to find what they think is the coolest guy. Right. And then we pitch that final content and the deal not finaling. You know and then we the footage and then we face it to the community and we're like add at least two pieces, you think?
Speaker C: I'm not mad at it. Conceptually my thought is now how.
Speaker A: Then.
Speaker C: That'S throughout the 17 hour video in 2 partskay. And so it's like we're.
Speaker A: Or maybe it'completely separate. And the day three we. We potentially got the free time and were like hey, we're while Michell and see find.
Speaker C: So let's take step back. What about what are we trying to get coming out of this for every. With every product video.
Speaker A: Right Top that and then.
Speaker C: And what do we want that to look like on YouTube?
Speaker A: Fairly similar to what we have. But we're gonna have to put that little bit of extra level the backgr, you know, like the edits.
Speaker C: Okay, Right. So that's what I'm talking about. That's very generic, general and may specific.
Speaker A: It may be in the sense of the navigation through the booth will help. Like we'talking about you like hey, we're gonn walk around booth one through so and so.
Speaker C: So then do we.
Speaker A: And then we can even go as far as having like a key at the bottom like a map.
Speaker C: Right. So do we need to record and something additional when we're at the booth in order to capture that information. What are we doing like their booth number. You get what I'm saying? What's it gonna look like? What do we want on There we need to make sure we film that. That's my whole point.
Speaker A: I just worriry about ask the booth number. That's where we.
Speaker C: Then what we need to do is something like wherein we. There needs to be more of a. Also I think it should be. We should be thinking about it more as a contiguous and I know you don't like to do the whole like you like to break it up. The videos.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: But there need. I think there should be something that's like, is this not real YouTube? This isn't real YouTube, right?
Speaker B: This is YouTube TV.
Speaker C: U. I think there should be something like where Mike bitch is like. All right, that was it for. We're going into 2000 now.
Speaker A: Right, right, right. No, I know.
Speaker C: You know what I mean.
Speaker A: Looks like we got somebody else's.
Speaker C: Let's coach you June get some views ton9boys.
Speaker A: We farmn it's gonna be their top zirch.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: I love it. What the fuck is k Who heck are you too like.
Speaker C: Yeah. It's gonna be in our history now. We should watch a bunch of outrageous shit. Just like put it on mute all night and watch like poop.
Speaker A: How do they.
Speaker C: How is poop made? Damn, bro. Is that what shadow band is.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: One more it.
Speaker C: Everybody else was poping in. When was that? What?
Speaker B: They did have this space too.
Speaker C: Company fresh pick Fresh.
Speaker B: Where you guys from?
Speaker C: The company. That's how it starts Meo and where would some kind of intro y right? And it should almost be u. You know, I remember the last one we did.
Speaker A: No, we did do an int tr but it was part of the first footage that Ieted.
Speaker C: Had who had do.
Speaker A: The whole welcome to Chance blah blah blah.
Speaker C: Our website Fresh PS what is it close?
Speaker A: Is it fresh PS it's the pH.
Speaker C: Okay. All right. Film it. That's how it starts.
Speaker B: 12 minutes average is 12 minutes.
Speaker A: That'fing hilarious.
Speaker C: As soon as they new products we.
Speaker A: What you work.
Speaker C: All then we have this password.
Speaker A: We can get out now.
Speaker C: Guys, our childrenrinos. We're all jacked up on theutrino. I'm like, why are we not chewing gum?
Speaker B: What is that a wrap I like in the morning.
Speaker A: All right, so intro navigation.
Speaker B: What else?
Speaker C: What's the name of the companyys u meet Meandering booth to booth bo.
Speaker A: Right. Like we can cut that shit out.
Speaker C: But that's a lot of no'm walking is fine. But like what just happened was. And this is partially because we don't have the right. This is threera if Johnny Fab just got Handed the cameras go and then right and see look and now we're just mobing.
Speaker A: And then so get it, get it some of my.
Speaker B: Right like.
Speaker C: Cameras got to be in there, right. And the YouTube video. So it's got to be on the shit all the time. Right like this right here. Ye none thatgh to the table on the product. The table.
Speaker A: Right, right, right.
Speaker C: Actually now you go.
Speaker A: Than you.
Speaker C: Products.
Speaker A: So we know what we need to do camera wise.
Speaker C: A couple of things we might would say holistic check done.
Speaker A: 90 night.
Speaker C: Oh, it's you.
Speaker A: Is that me?
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah. See you're way closer on the product. That's way better.
Speaker A: Well, I show my work staring it.
Speaker C: See it's still a little. When you move it's still a little blurry. I don't know if there's anybod around there not and out no but side to side it does it gets a.
Speaker D: Little than you.
Speaker C: H Check this out.
Speaker D: At the bottom there than we are.
Speaker C: Recording every bo in every product and see kind of seem like you got lost. She jumped across.
Speaker D: Online. So we everyone a little sh out.
Speaker C: We're thinking this time too. Maybe we go together and we each go down one side of the meet s company name.
Speaker D: And where are you guys?
Speaker C: Corporate offices are based out of Junior Florida, but we have Saless all over the country.
Speaker D: ###Hous and do you guys have a.
Speaker B: Website or what do you guys do? What do you guys do? Warhouse O.
Speaker D: What? And where are you guys big and you guys have a. All right, so with ultra9e3ab their website is ulra93ham co and then their Instagram is ultra93ha oh, here co.
Speaker C: I think we should maybe do like card or promo material if they got it in frame.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker C: Yeah, like that. That's perfect. You get all information. You don'I pick it up. That was good on the table.
Speaker A: Hel man.
Speaker C: Our numbers should pull it up off the hook.
Speaker D: Are you working hisice? What's your name? What's the company'name this is h.
Speaker C: Cool.
Speaker D: And where are you guys missed out at? We have. Do you guys have an Instagram or website? M O L D.
Speaker C: Hear me out. Shoot me down if you don't like it. Okay. The actual video we release has us in the corner watching the video at the same timeact and u Because like right here where nobody's talking, we could be talking. You know what I mean? And filling them in and giving them backstory.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: And we can pause it goof on the weird all kinds of shit. Rewind a little go forward.
Speaker A: Right, right now that's exactly what we.
Speaker C: Processing. Look, he didn't want to say shit before and now he's spitting his guts after he came back around now.
Speaker D: Hi, what's your name? Nice to meet.
Speaker C: Now okay, what about this? Okay to take that to the next level. What if we did that on day three?
Speaker B: What?
Speaker A: What?
Speaker C: We came back here with the hose and we filmed that and they were in the video too. There go.
Speaker B: So I saw chilling here camera.
Speaker C: Yes, something like that. So it's set up like how the streamers do and. But it's 17 hours PE so it's not real estate. That's a long last day. And that's if we have the two. We have to get everything button up two. Because my thought is, my thought is the two mic holders are going toa have some valuable shit about that. Right. Like they the ones on camera but they don't have to be there. Guess we can objectify that. Right well or whatever.
Speaker B: Te but I mean yeah, we would have to kind of have.
Speaker C: Have it.
Speaker B: Already headited down huh. We have to have it edited down so they can get to like the good sh.
Speaker C: I think no, it's everything.
Speaker B: What do you mean? U like like I said, 17 hours is a lot to sit here and go through. So we want to get them on some like all the dope sh. Right Good products or something. Maybe something happens because there's gonna be one of these guys that's like fucking hitting on or saying you know like yeah.
Speaker C: So then maybe because I'm so weird my because that's possible. Right. For us to film in two days. Go through s set it up for day three, have them in here. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I think what u then those the things I was talking about earlier maybe can fill that gap with like that like so when something does happen we need to film them talking about it on the shelf floor. That guy was just staring at my tits orever. Right. And like we film that and then we put that into the video. You know I also like the idea.
Speaker A: We can do that during like the lunch break stuff charging great.
Speaker C: So I think as far as that goes, I think we all need to be as independent people with cameras. Right. Uh, always looking to sneak film our own crew, all five of us.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: At any point in time with audio where we're just saying some shit that could be used somehow in the video. Right. Candid doesn't even have to be like, you know, they don't even have to know Right, right. It's just they're micd up. Everyone's mic up or whatever. And then there's just. Or something. Right. So yes, at lunch and always. And we could have some specific questions we want from them or whatever. We could get at lunch break or whatever. So we need the two things. Let's clear something up that's compllicting right now. We're getting them to say what I we'in at the beginning, right? To the camera. Look at the camera. And we'rele 1000. Let's get in there. If we do that, we were going to film the aisle at the same time. And so we have them both say 1000 in their own video.
Speaker A: Right? Well, then potentially u we don't have to use it.
Speaker C: We out and use one of those potentially, right.
Speaker A: And then that way we on the road. Thatember. That's what s what we're doing is we're getting both camera angles right. And we're like, all right, let's use camera angle 1. Ang camera angle 2. Intro.
Speaker C: Intro.
Speaker A: Rightland.
Speaker C: We doing an outro of thes you.
Speaker A: I think that could adds to the whole document effect, you know, like. Yeah, what you think of that? Yeah, but no out TR just intro.
Speaker C: Is what your fucking leaves in this room. They say something fucking unray. We don't have to use it. Cut that one.
Speaker A: Fucking Armedia expect. Whoa.
Speaker C: I like the documentary thing a lot. And just because we all enjoyed it.
Speaker A: So much.
Speaker C: You know, to me that tells me that's the kind of why not just fil the shaded light or do, you know, set up whatever. But u is that that might just be too much on every product. Maybe there's a separate thing where like filming on the side.
Speaker A: That's what I was thinking that like we said there we got day three and then we got this like half form content, if you will. So what's half like? Like the whole like, oh, you got 30 seconds to do blah, blah, blah, or like, you know what I'm saying?
Speaker C: None of those are documentary though.
Speaker A: So none of those are documents.
Speaker C: It doesn't mean we can't do them. I what I'm saying is that doesn't solve that problem. So like, if we don't. Because we can't start film, we can't film the documentary on day three.
Speaker A: I got it. And yes, we can. Caus we hit the fucking glass blowers. We just do the glasslow section in that small area and we document the impact of Las Vegas not being around anymore. South thing. Do you.
Speaker C: I kind of think with scratch that I ve marry as much.
Speaker A: As I think it's co.
Speaker C: Because it's.
Speaker A: Just.
Speaker C: But then that just makes us except at least.
Speaker B: Or at least what.
Speaker C: Just have at least we get and then we're just glad we have the.
Speaker A: Least which the least is like this.
Speaker C: I think the thing of us in the corner adding textual information pretty right I think it makes it a whole different deal it makes it more fun and it's just us in the corner of chilling not on the street not.
Speaker B: In a video called yeah well then.
Speaker A: One thing that I think we're definitelynna come out with and we can do a little anything with us and we to be like hey let's go onure with father across the showro room floor.
Speaker C: Make sure he's fucking spd out Yeahah.
Speaker A: He'S fucking mic up and stuff like that he's like every.
Speaker C: Okay, we do that on day four right so do we want anything in this video that's not every third product? Like do you want anything that's like showing flavor of chance or like anything that like puts you in chance More.
Speaker A: Rating booth babes from 1 to 10.
Speaker C: I not in this video so I'm talk about like is there any like the shit where we talk to the people about what they are excited to see or the shit that like you know how antique roadsh show how they got the segment they talked to someone someone for a long time and then they'll like to there's depend on the season different butrow beats Then there will be parts where they're just like showing stuff and showing the area and people in line and there's more like a rapid fire kind of deal but then there's the long drawn out and then there's the short little break up the show like that might that or just run like this is in the corner I guess I mean hold on to us in the corner Are we gonna be like talking shit the who time and like yo, don't let these fucking.
Speaker A: Assol.
Speaker B: How fire these guys let's see let's watch somewhere here right here.
Speaker D: And what's the name?
Speaker C: Juicyush and alpany we do a high quality T productsp products'really high potenttop pseudo.
Speaker D: Tabs and whatot so yeah we're doing our thing out heree and where are you guys based out?
Speaker C: We're in southern California likeange county but we ship nationwide and and do you.
Speaker D: Guys have a instagram?
Speaker C: Yeah, check us out shopuicyush.com or juicy.
Speaker D: Cush on instagram Fantastic. We're also gon toa be posting this on YouTube later if you want to check us out. The QR putes at the bottom there.
Speaker A: Perfect.
Speaker D: Thank you. Appreciate it. Have a good one.
Speaker C: Should we be trying to have the hose show us not all their hose. Like bust the thing out and open it and show it camera. So how do we line that up in this? 30 seconds within after you do all.
Speaker B: The products and they're just still sitting there talking.
Speaker C: Yeah, but so on camera we go, hey, Manily, open it up and show it to us. Well, they can't. They're not going to hear that because.
Speaker A: The mic's gonna be with the girl.
Speaker D: What city come cameman where do you haveagram or our website.
Speaker C: So hey can show me this? This Open this up. Let me see it. Show it to the camera.
Speaker B: And they should want to do that.
Speaker C: You shoulde.
Speaker B: But you're should not Hard as wood.
Speaker C: We should go through and get and rate the people.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Break the sales. Yeah.
Speaker C: On all like we'll have different categories. Like this guy was the worst salesperson. The best salesperson. This because the one home what s.
Speaker B: Name where.
Speaker C: This guy? Whatus ask thatd gu. What's your name? Sh. Where did product.
Speaker D: Where?
Speaker C: Where? Somebody saved me.
Speaker D: Hello.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker D: Pretty good.
Speaker C: What you.
Speaker D: Mery science on youube you want to check out?
Speaker A: We've got the camera thing down. We're going to introduce every bo what?
Speaker C: Introduce every booth. All right.
Speaker A: Not every booth. Every aisle.
Speaker C: Ye intro on every aisle from each of the h.
Speaker A: And then what else?
Speaker B: Look, think, get AI editor tell the.
Speaker A: Ed.
Speaker C: Because we'renna be talking over it now.
Speaker D: I'm doing a inter.
Speaker B: You upload video. You can edit it by transcript.
Speaker C: So I'm not so right there.
Speaker B: If it's like on her and she's like saying sh that's cool.
Speaker D: In betweeneah.
Speaker C: She was trying to find a human. So this Isles LLC she found human. They probably hrox like in that part. Where will be on corner. You can hear me.
Speaker A: I was like.
Speaker C: So we have two offices. We have one local in Vegas. We have another one in California county. And then we have some sales reps that are promot in states, but most of us are fromange county. And then right here they need a couple when it goes. They should bus out. Weird question.
Speaker D: Yeah. We'renn being on YouTube later if you want to check us out. You thank you so much for your time. Have a good one.
Speaker B: You think? Pretty cool.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: That was.
Speaker C: Hi I her fantastic.
Speaker D: What's your name? Awesome. What s of the company? Cool. Where are you gu out at?
Speaker C: And I'm still filming. Come find and then try to get demo ye.
Speaker A: Everything.
Speaker C: Or demo.
Speaker B: Like this what these bag.
Speaker D: And what's y Instagram. Fantastic. Thank you so much. And we're gonna be posting this on YouTube feel check us out. Thank you. Can I take a sticker? Ye ye thank you.
Speaker C: Oh yeah's like all theanceon.
Speaker A: It just.
Speaker B: Hot ra now.
Speaker D: I think I'mnna right now but that's bar.
Speaker A: All. No crsh take of anything. What's up?
Speaker D: What's your name?
Speaker C: Shon.
Speaker D: And what's the name of the company? University. W Where are you guys?
Speaker A: I was like we don't need the film.
Speaker C: These products products.
Speaker D: Do you guys have a inst distributop you want to check out?
Speaker C: Thank youinal do we have h.
Speaker A: So what was the underlying thing that we.
Speaker C: Like trying to feel it with some more like experience stuff.
Speaker A: Right as camenman we're gonna try to get them to show us the product examples and all that.
Speaker C: Or like yeah, even between the boots, like maybe a little something.
Speaker A: And then also trying to engage with them and like whenever we see something weird happened or something weir me to mob up on him and go like yo hse they're going.
Speaker C: The show.
Speaker B: And.
Speaker C: They'Re going to every lo and every product and they're going as a vender and we're doing that right. And so they need to experience all the things and we need cap and they have a mic so we can hear.
Speaker B: And they have the design questions too.
Speaker C: Design questions before the formatted question.
Speaker B: What's this.
Speaker C: Right now?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: What's your name?
Speaker A: Name?
Speaker C: Charles.
Speaker D: Nice to meet you. I'm Dana. What's the name of the company?
Speaker C: Jfys.
Speaker D: About the company. So where are you guys based?
Speaker C: Up.
Speaker A: States Canada.
Speaker D: Do you guys have a website or Instagram?
Speaker A: Absolutely. Follow us at mikeys.
Speaker C: Com.
Speaker D: Perfect. We are also going to be posting this on YouTube later if you want to check us out.
Speaker A: Absol thank you.
Speaker D: Ar there at the bottom. Thank you.
Speaker A: I wonder how much he for his yeah, we need to get the cut and we're doing the island name.
Speaker C: This is where the aud went. D so he still here.
Speaker A: Sameo and then we're just one white.
Speaker C: Ra again and yeah.
Speaker A: I'around.
Speaker C: We'Re already.
Speaker A: Doing a lot better girl that flag because just click this move and then I'll just record this stuff while.
