Speaker A: Does a hundred million dollars in loans. Like, like. So there is a huge practical demand for the loans, but nobody likes to use them because nobody knows about them or whatever. And so my tactic is not to use, like try to not so much market direct to consumer and say, hey, it's going to be a direct to consumer site. But the it's an informational page where say a solar salesman can go there and see and be like, yeah, my client needs one of these.
Speaker B: Right? Okay.
Speaker A: And so belong.
Speaker B: Stop. L in the back of his neck.
Speaker A: I was getting chubby. You just give me a moment to like cool off.
Speaker B: Look at that drawer. If there's not a ashtray, there's a regular tray. You can just pull it out that drawer. The drawer under. No, no, the one to the left on the topeah.
Speaker A: So I think that if I created bullet point style with the g known talking points. Are you looking to go green and save money on your home? Just I don't have to restra the concept, the idea. You know, I'm thinking like this. You land on the page and there's a picture of a house with solar and you says some kind of banner. Are you looking to save money? I have a more energy efficient home, healthy home, happier home.
Speaker B: Right. Okay.
Speaker A: This is the LYA team, specializes in energy efficient loans. Bullet point one. We carry these different loans. Fannie, Freddy, fha, you know, a couple pictures of homes or a water heater or Frankie, you know, like this with the up in the attic, you know, to get more information. And then I use a CRM called Bonzo.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And so they have a widget with the form you create. You embed it. First name, last name, phone number, email. Click here to say you're not a robot set.
Speaker B: Okay?
Speaker A: And then that goes into my crnm. They start the auto drip. Thanks for filling out. Someone will call you. So I have a luxury. I'm with that luxury group, that little joint venture, right? So when you're a realtor and you're a loan officer, it's illegal to pay a kickback on the law, right?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: But what is not illegal is to say, hey, Frankie, we're going to start this new company. We're going to call it Triclone Barrett.
Speaker B: Okay?
Speaker A: Tricon Barret. On my bad Tron, Triclo Tryon.
Speaker B: Okay?
Speaker A: Tryon Barret. It's going to be a joint venture. It's not Tricon and it's not Besh. It's Tricon Bar. Like, you know, spelling makes a big difference in legality. Sure. So we're going to call that our joint venture and be mutual partners there.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Everything we make from it, basically we're gonna pay a loan officer to do the loans and we'll split the other two thirds. Right. So now they have a potential to make Bear rust lines the company soa be. So be like the watch and international sh.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: They did $2 billion in mortgages last year for their realtors so you can track that shit. Imagine if they made $200 million to million dollars just in side cash from the loans. And that's where the incentive is. So what I want to do is I've already bought this domain. I've already positioned myself as a leader in the industry. Like people know me for this specific field. There's 300,000 solar people. There were supposed to be 900 grand and Biden got reelected because of the inflation reduction and all the green shit.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: If I put this out there, I think they will generate and sending lots of business. Because when the tax credit goes away January 1st from the incentive to buy solar and that's really a fluff, let's raise the price. Like instead of 30,000, I'm going to sell it to you for 45 because you're going to get a $10,000 tax credit. All I did was flee. She would make 5,000 more on the deal. You see, kind of like they move the numbers and I think most of the current financing structures are going toa go away and people are going to start looking for bank loans, heoc lines of credit. I get paid on all thatit anything the bank that I do. So let's capture, let's create the funnel and let's create where it's says bullet point enough out and along the way like I have the people that I do, like I'm connected to women of the solar companies. They're one of the top ten top five in the country. They do probably they did like a billion and some change in sales last year. But what if I got like a hundred million loans from it? Because there are 30,000llar systems, 40 doll. But the refi might be 362,000 because they're taking, they're paying their old one and the 30, right? So I get this shit going, right? I can either create an amazing lead generation site for myself, live off it fruitfully or build it to become a platform and offer it to sell it to somebody and partner. Because as everyone's going to have to absorb that, that 30% tax cut in margins, installers make less the manufacture, the hardware make less, the salesmans make less because there's no more fluff. That's where we cover. Because it's already hard to do it in a lot of real estate because their margins are so fat. It's like 30, $38 that they can sell for 50 bucks. But when you're trying to do the numbers, 50 bucks is hard to justify in a mortgage to rol it in because the appraisal says this sh's only 1:30. So that's why they stay away from it. And, uh, I take on the impossible. So at the bottom of my little landing page, I'm going to put like the national association of Realtors, because I have the permission. The National PEL Sustainability Certification, which is like a sustainability company with the government and real estate and the Energy Audit Company, which is resident. They're an authoritative body under like the Department of Energy. They do. They come and they check the windows and the air leaks and shit. And I got endorsements from all those fuckers. They're like, yeah, you have permission to use our shit on your site. So, like, I can make it look like, you know, like I'm swinging dick on this field. And like, oh, wow. Obviously they have this and this and this and this. He must be well connected. And I just want to get leads from. So I, uh, I figured we'd get high and I'll show you on your laptop a couple of sites that I've seen and I'll tell you what I like from those sites.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Did bring my phone?
Speaker B: Yeah, you'just on. Oh, it's right there.
Speaker A: It'so fucking chat GPT, man. You feel like rock hard, bro. It was like, yeah, you do got a great name.
Speaker B: You want real criticism from it, you got to tell it your friend who sometimes has good ideas but sometimes not so good as this idea, and then you tell them and then they get some love. Help me evaluate as I did.
Speaker A: Where's my T.R. took you over. I asked it to fucking u. I had just asked it to fucking make me the outline. It's on my desktop chat gtp. And I don't know if it's just because I haven't logged in.
Speaker B: If you're logged in in the same account, it should be there.
Speaker A: Yeah. Because I asked it to write it out and I said, okay, make me a single graphic that shows. Use any dimensions that you need to to relay to me. It could be a rough outlet. Look at it as a direct consumer site that has informational. So, yeah, so I u. It's funny Az hard money. This is my guy sponsored page. So he just probably paid like $80 for the click for me to go to his webpage. You know how like different industries have different costs for the pay to click. Mortgage is expensive. So it's based on how many people are bidden for those key. Yeah mortgage in Chandler. So this is his website and his concept is he is a hard money lender. So his niche is he does like that mafia money, like I'll lend it to you 12%. You owe me 90 days. You better sell the house or you're gonna fucking pay me mor fees. So he goes like I showed this my solar guy, he has, he goes this is the hecker. It's a computer guy like you. He, he does all our sites and graphics and shit. I don't know if you have a computer so you can see the desktop M h but you know, you fill it out a little bit about him, capture the info test, you know, like the same shit. But mine is going to be pictures of solar. Picture me somewhere, you know on his main. I don't know if they have a button so you can see the desktop version. You'like at the bottom. He got a lot more than I need.
Speaker B: He's got a lot of.
Speaker A: And so when I showed the, the webmaster dude like the guy who makes websites and he was like oh this is too complicated. All this shit got CRM and emdding and SEO this like the desktop. And I go, I already have the CRM. You don't got to recreate that. Like all the boxes says fill out the info. It just goes to the CRM. His desktop version is the example I wanted but I think there should be a mobile version just like that. You go straight down, it gives you some bullet points. Fill out your info. Are you looking to save money? Are you looking to have a healthier home? Are you looking to have a happier home? Here's some statistics according to Fannie Mae. You know people have been wanting to do this down the road. I'll add the podcast clips somewhere in a gallery, you know, some explaining, you know, I have a bunch of five star reviews from Zillow and all over place, you know, so he has tabs and all sorts of sh like programs. I don't need all that.
Speaker B: Well, all of that's SEO type sh because he's got a whole page for this. So if someone searches for that then he comes up. So then like there's probably not a lot of daylight between these different.
Speaker A: Yeah but his niche is he's a hard money lender. So like when go to construction loans boom.
Speaker B: He comes up like he's got. That's. That's what that is. Yeah these are all different.
Speaker A: Everything that he wants to come up to me would be solar renovation, construction, residential batteries, you know. Yeah and so I could do I.
Speaker B: Guess phone number even changes. You see that? What is that watch. I didn't do it. O There goes. He goes to a 999 number watch is.
Speaker A: You know what is it like based.
Speaker B: On your location I would I wondering.
Speaker A: If it has the CRM is so micro tuned that if you call the number it knows you called the number that's on the hard money page. It knows you called the one on the construction loan tab. So it can be like yeah he called in on the construction loan number. I bet you that's how he has it divvy up. So he can really really well you know like how bad I'm getting do this all Fuck. I did this.
Speaker B: Did you break up two bloods.
Speaker A: I almost did point that I don't remember what I just did. 30 seconds agoe bro. I just did this and I was starting to do one and I said F and I did this while telling Dom that's what I'm doing and then I did it like two minutes later because give them your referral because I asked them who to go to for websites to say.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Yeah I uh. He's like that Frankie Tricon and I remember you did that that page for that real estate same couple pictures is the description make it go nice on a mobile site.
Speaker B: O. Oh yeah. I just made this one very.
Speaker A: Something like that mine I don't like lines and I want it to be like wide with the picture and then you know but that look good.
Speaker B: I mean it's. I know he likes that kind of shoe. So it's like 80s retro neon but yeah so you want white and blue and profession.
Speaker A: So my Facebook business might just pretty much show you. There's our.
Speaker B: Here's Oregon Super. So.
Speaker A: There'S the colors of my corporate and then green Energy mortgage just change the hues to be greenish. I don't have a logo so that's something that I probably will need to.
Speaker B: Do on the to.
Speaker A: Oh I. I don't need. You don't want the on I do. Greenene Energy Dot Mortgages is a resource site.
Speaker B: Yeah. What kind of website is this from who'that is fuck. Awesome. This is like cutting edge on the website.
Speaker A: I thought that was cyberpunk like Fill out your form and get the video game sent to you.
Speaker B: That's what Paul, he like thinking.
Speaker A: He's like, o I paid you to make me a website. You got high and sent me Cyberpunk 2077s.
Speaker B: Fucking awesome, man.
Speaker A: What were playing?
Speaker B: Look at that. You wouldn't get your landscaping done from this guy.
Speaker A: Yeah, because it's green and you're like thinking, if this Mexican can fucking make this site, he might as well be able to. All myone won, you know what I'm saying? Like, if this motherfucker can make websites, this his landscape must be on point.
Speaker B: Yeah, maybe this one go. But anyways, yeah, no SM like he.
Speaker A: Got over when he did his house. I never like, I never really said anything.
Speaker B: But you didn't make any money off that?
Speaker A: I didn't make no money offu homie.
Speaker B: Didn'T come through, right.
Speaker A: He gave me. Okay, so when you do a real estate deal, you make 6% commission, okay? He only made five. He g him a discount, right? So charged like two and a half and two and a half instead of three and three. So they gave him a real legitimate deal, okay, 800,000 times. Now remember, half he has to pay the other side, right? So like eight times three is 24. So two and a half, 2.3. So made like 22, 23,000. Then you went, okay. I said, yeah, I'mnn have you pay me my business coun some shit so I can write it offome shit, blah blah blah. So he doesn't pay me, so he slow pay me. So like I let it go like he just made 22,000. Then you turned around and when he bought the house down there, cash, they don't do full commissions. They gave him like if you spend 600,000 you get 8. If you spend 5, 6, 5 9, 99 less you get 6. Thinking me 8 grand on it. So he's like 30 piece. Then I sent him my ex's deal, my ex's sister's deal where he got like two and a half on 580 and then he got 1% on selling her house for five, eight. So 58 and another 15 and I didn't get shit. And then so after like the second one that he already got paid on the second one, I was like, bro, youin't goingna pay me for Remember this? And he was like, oh yeah, hold on. So he gave me 1800 bucks at of 50 grand. And I go, bro, what is up with this shit? He's like, oh, you never said what you Wanted bro. I shook your hand, I said we needed this for Roman and for you because you ain't done shit. You going through a divorce, losing your house, bro. And then you try to be like a. Well you said I told you you gave me thousand hundred dollars from 1875. Shake like that even 5, that's 3.1%. Like what just fuck is this out of? Well I remember when I said let me give you like nineteen hundred bucks, call it even. Yeah, okay. I said yeah okay, whatever. He's I remember when you said, yeah okay whatever bro. That's not yeah. Acknowledge was like yeah okay, whatever. O are you a bad community again? And so he was going through a divorce with his wife fucking another man. I was like come on Eric name with the dude fucking his wife. You better be ready to risk it all because you're stealing from Roamman now He goes, oh, why you your emotional is trying to go the line. Fuck you, Eric. Come on Eric. Let's go E. Eric's the guy fucking his wife making him cry at night. Let's go Eric. I hope you ready to risk it all. Oh, you don't even have a real estate license. Also you fought sell drugs but you're gonna ask do talk to me about fucking real estate licenses and shit. Heather's a real estate license. Give her 25% and I'll argue with her. At least I know she'll spend some of them on Roman. So he ended up giving me I think was 3,900lars gave me another $2,000. I was it so like 3,900 out of 50 grand making out of making 50 grand. So like out of partis like whatever little Portsche have of that. That's probably. I would have made two grand on that. But TARDIS saved like TARDIS is the sloppiest house. And and put it like this, if I gave him to a realtor they would have ended my relationship with them over making them help Tartis. So when I say that his house said you had ever been in it.
Speaker B: I went to there one time like right in the middle of the move and it was like he had a lot of Dr. Pepper, cherry, strawberry, doct Pe.
Speaker A: Okay. You never saw before. If Roman's life was on in danger and I had to shit without gaskets in his bathroom, Roman would have passed away and we would have had his memorial already. When I tell you that it was one of the nastiest, dirtiest, like really bad. Well I don't know how you could do it like okay, he'd been in that house 25 years and had never cleaned the carpets or vacuums. His carpets for this color they were this through the house. Oh, you know how like the toilet gets nasty and like brown from the rust and the inside. Not doee but like the rust, the brown that sheit was on the outside, it was discolored. His toilet was discolored on the outside. From my cleaning lady, when I say she might as well have been, bro. She could have been. Well, she's one of the dopest cleaning ladies I ever seen. She had to do three or four rounds and Jonathan said it's dirtiest house I ever seen. So we tried to sell it for 800,000 and the house next door was 1.1 million. And that sold in one day. And Tardises was three, four months on the market, not even a look. They offered him 550. It was worth 1.1 millionars. When it's remodeled, he needs about 125 grand to get the one point on. Well, they was low balling them. So Jonathan lived in the house for two weeks with his handyman. We painted it. It still didn't help the grime on the wall. So they had to paint a second time. Well, the second time was just handyman and repaints on walls, not the whole shit. And it was disgusting. Everything had to go. And after two weeks of work, two paint jobs, handyman for two weeks straight. Jonathan paid like three grand. Handyman work. He ate that out of that money. So I get him that. But you got the deal. That's not my expense. That's not my oh, I had to buy the baggie. I don't give a fuck. Give me my referral fe. And anyway that that was. That was his house and so I. It is crazy, bro. Nice. The dirtt house, the bathroom look like when the zombie movies and they go looking for supplies and the diner and the dead bodies there and the head'blown out on the wall. It's like apple pie crust on the wall from the brains. And like it's been there since Apocalypse in 97. That's the bathroom, bro. That was.
Speaker B: Did we.
Speaker A: He's like yeah, I haven't had a vacuum since like the kids were born.
Speaker B: He's got kids.
Speaker A: She does. I think she has 2 pes. And then she couldn't be there at the house any other times. And she keeps running them through the mud. She's the whole time she was living in the rehab u she had got another date like her n dui andered like and then the judgment of living a rehab. So she had ask permission to get out the rehab to go look at houses. And then he goes, he goes, I go, what are you going toa do with all this trash? Oh, this is the furniture removing with the extra 200 grand. You don't want to maybe go to Ashby's furniture and get like a new little spill something scoo someit up that isn't like that's new. But you know, he's a good dude. Like hygiene, not so much.
Speaker B: That's why he always got a background on.
Speaker A: Yeah, bro, bro. You bring a realtor over there, there's hoop houses all through the houses. You know those the mylar little zip ups with you grow the weed in little tent pop up. My buddy calls them hoop houses. One in the. In the discord room, one in the living room, one in the upstairs landing to the top of the stairs. Yeah. And that's the only. So at the end of the day, Jonathan was my work bestie and that in that transaction room, my relationship.
Speaker B: Yeah. So that was an expensive deal.
Speaker A: For you. Jonathan would have been his. I gave him one. I thought him you can have my. I have my shotgun in his house because it was over there since the divorce. And so I told Dom, you're gonna have to get it for me that he likes Dom's pictures. Dog does the same thing because he gets the emails real. So I'm ready to risk it all, bro. I hope you are too. He was a good friend. But, you know, maybe I don't think I overreacted. I think he tried to play me in like a subtle way. Like, I don't think he's gonna mind that I'm gonna get over type. Like, maybe I can finesse this because I brought you 50 grand in commission. You should have known better. Industry standards is like 25% referral fee. That would have been 6,7000 I had to fight you for after 1800 bucks. Yeah, like where the you get 18, 800, right? I'm gonna give you 3.1%.
Speaker B: What you want to look at on the, on the, uh, desktop y.
Speaker A: Oh, bro, I got you tomorrow in the morning'come drop them off. I've Prob a dozen 24 inch monitors, like sitting in my hal. Like in my clock.
Speaker B: Like, just chilling.
Speaker A: Just chilling. Oh, yeah, Gale, I got some old dells, some new dels. I got some aces. The aces have the HDMI cord.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And the other ones are like just bl or yellow. I mean blueian ones.
Speaker B: Yeah I got some of those.
Speaker A: I think they all have H. Some of them have HDMI T. Oh this is tripping. I'm gonna throw you two of the monitors as a thank you to get to fuck yeah brother're like 24 inch monitors.
Speaker B: That's dope. I don't know what these are. Not probably not 24.
Speaker A: These are probably 16 inch motors that might be at 20. No 18 inch monitor good with hold.
Speaker B: On like 40 years ago.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's about. Yeah.
Speaker B: Oh yeah. We need to go to your second.
Speaker A: So AZ hard money just put AZ space hard money and you're gonna go to that guy's site. He works in my company so like coloring and stuff is probably the same with him.
Speaker B: Okay. $80 not AZ hard money is probably cheap.
Speaker A: So hey green energy mortgage. Some kind of something like this form off top.
Speaker B: You want form off top?
Speaker A: No, go to the click on his main tab. Oh yeah the thing put the. Oh yeah. I thought there was like a look.
Speaker B: At'S a whole nother phone number. That's a third phone number.
Speaker A: And I think it's depending on which way you can enter whether you come from Google or if you click on one of the. Because like when you click on one program it probably tells them hey this guy was clicking on constructions and then loan programs we offer I only I don't need. Look, I could do something like that but it was only like four programs we offer he lines of credit. Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA maybe a couple little bullet points and I don't need to go and expand. If you click on it have it go to to get more information reach out. Okay And I'll get you the widget from my CRM at some point whenever you need it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And then if you take. If you get rid of that box then you roll down let's say get that. We'll put that at the bottom the form you know as instead of featured by I'll put the. The things that I'm National Association Realtors, SRP, APs blah blah blah Prol certification keep going down. I've got the same 5 star Google review shit if you keep your scrolling recently funded we can skip this shit blah and then so loan programs maybe just like a quick little something. It doesn't even have to be the whole page because it's just. I don't know what that is. We are available. You know obviously it goes on forever.
Speaker B: He's got so much fluff in this bitch for SEO. And I bet that's what it is. This is for you. All the other shit is really co.
Speaker A: Would it say the number one lender top 1% of lenders in the country. So he works at Barrett with me, but he's his own dig. Right. Like if we made it real simple. Like the top banner, the form and the signature. Like the bottom. You know the complian stuff for the licenses and shit. Because I have to have it. If you go all the way to the bottom.
Speaker B: It'S like. And then you see the mountain. That's pretty fire. Although it feels like you don't see enough of it. Anyways.
Speaker A: If you could do some shit like that with a house with solar in the background.
Speaker B: What this thing? Yeah, the picture parallax.
Speaker A: It's called X la and then you know the MLS that equal housing opportunity. Those same things I have the same requirements. Go to the very, very, very bottom be Financial U Hard Money Lenders of Arizona. Click on that one CL copy and paste that. See where'that goes to.
Speaker B: It doesn't. What do you mean?
Speaker A: Yeah, if you just see if they have a site back to him.
Speaker B: Arizona hard money lenders. It's a different ad LVX capital that's.
Speaker A: Like very generic area_on a hard money lender. Because they all loan officers. They lend hard money.
Speaker B: Yeah. Barret Financial Group.
Speaker A: Because EIZ Barrett has its own fund that it lends out. And I wouldn't be surprised if that's just the other our hard money internal because he lends money from wherever he can get his hands on and we have our own internal hard money program. But he lends other people's. That's probably why he has beied him and so this streamlined. Okay. Now if you go to u Facebook.
Speaker B: So not just one page anymore.
Speaker A: Just one page.
Speaker B: Just one page.
Speaker A: So like simple like what? I mean maybe not one page with some pop ups and shit. Yeah, maybe. But like it's a landing page. If I get that blueprint up in the beginning, I can expand on it later. That's the next check I give you.
Speaker B: Okay, that's fine.
Speaker A: Yeah because I got to get some leads to get to pay you got.
Speaker B: It'S got to make some money for. That's trsh. You want to drink?
Speaker A: No, I want a.
Speaker B: As her was just picking up random cans. Take a T.R.
Speaker A: Make sure they're empty. Oh, you got a two step.
Speaker B: Two step. My W this lame.
Speaker A: Bro. You should have told me. I wish I didn't know you had these little wee wee fuck w monitors, bro. We got blackberries and Shit. Hooked up to a f sidekick docking station.
Speaker B: This is that next level. This hgbt.
Speaker A: This is SQL.
Speaker B: I could do all that.
Speaker A: Well, what is SQL?
Speaker B: Like one of the that squel they call it is uh, It'I just thr.
Speaker A: That out there because I've seen them.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's coding language for databases.
Speaker A: My roommate, he was like the 22nd or something like that employee at GoDaddy. He's a virtual database administraor. So he builds the data, the virtual servers, the Engineer Architect for GoDaddy. And then credit karma stole him away for hell of money. It and I list in kipie and I was like, bro, I had this fucking genius in my fucking house. You just a fucking du to do DJ in the after hours thing. But he wasn't very popular. Well, he was very popular, but he was justud. But I was like, come on with up bro. I saw co bitches gonna love you.
Speaker B: Where do I go?
Speaker A: My I want you to my name. Green energy dot mortgage.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker A: Green energy Facebook. Yeah, that's the name of the name.
Speaker B: All one word.
Speaker A: Yeah, Green energy dot mortgage. You ready for it right there. Yep. And so I've put my barret thing up there and this is. And I put a space there, but it's just one the same thing. So if you roll down and you go to the photos or photos. Yeah. And u scroll, scroll like here'm there some specific flyers on. You could tell this coloring. And there'snna be some. Right there. Right there, right there, right there, right there.
Speaker B: This one? Yeah.
Speaker A: Same concept. Going green just got easy. Right?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: U I have versions, like 10 versions of this flyer and they all kind of say the same shit. And so the things that you can do with an energy efficient mortgage. Right. Are these things. Zoom this.
Speaker B: It doesn't.
Speaker A: All right, well, the things you can do are air duct sealing, insulation, appliances, caulking clothes, washer and dryer, freezers, hot water heaters, H VAC insulation, refrigeratorss. You get the point, right? The. Yeah, I call it the categories._ay so ideally, you know, obviously we're going to have this somewhere on the page. You know, the things that you can do to your home include. Because then all those words would fall on the page. Mortgages. Are you looking to roll your energy efficient upgrades into your mortgage? Roll upgrades into mortgage. Right. The kind of niche weird shit that would very streamline the SEO.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: And so like at the very top, some kind of banner is looking even if it's like a little T and then you know Some space with that or however you want to align it. Because we also want to think about mobile because a lot of people Facebook ads from mobile and same thing if you're looking to purchase your home, lower the cost, the blah blah, blah. Now I've got studies and shit that we can add, you know, info. So if you. And say like, you know, we're gonna have a couple little boxes, you know, like the font boxes, you know, right here and then big letters, you know, picture, picture, picture. Let me just sketch for you have a pageere.
Speaker B: You got a pen, you got. I just draw.
Speaker A: You know, picture some kind of header box font, you know, maybe the Benefits bullet point 1, 2, 3, you know, some little font here, little pictures. However we make it range right go to the next payge. You know, as you scroll down, you know, maybe we have this program, this program, this program or maybe this is one benefits of an energy efficient mortgage. Benefits of an energy little text here, text here, you know, picture, you know, some kind of graph, you know, embed the widget and you know, click on the program. They click on the program when to get more info. It goes to the widget. Click here, goes to the widget. Click here goes to the widget, click there goes to the widget and then the bottom you can basically duplicate his. And then I'm gonna have the LYA team and you know, and up here I'll put my disclaimer. Greenenegy.mortgage is a resource size and I'll put my description. The LYA team has been helping customers of clients finance residential homes for over 20 years. As leaders in the industry an industry and the energy efficient mortgage spacee you knowaa d d and then because I don't want to be like salesy but like get more information informationation. Hey, you want to go, you want to get started now? Apply now get more information. Apply now takes you to my apply site. Get more information takes you to the widget where it sends me the CRM.
Speaker B: You have an apply site?
Speaker A: Yes, my website is applyied with Greg LA.com I bought that domain too. So just make it easy to send my cl. Okay, so like does this kind of make sense? And so let me drive if you want to save that picture. This is the one we just showed you, right?
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: There's another banner you can put in one of the boxes. Right. You know, like right here. Want to take control of your energy costs, right? Same thing. Use a. You know, because this one is about a using a second mortgage because second mortgage are generic. There's no energy efficient second mortgage. So I just said do you want to use a second mortgage to pay for those things? Oh yeah. So like same branding, it all goes to the same funnel. This is just a study you know in a link that goes to a sustainability prop same kind of shit, you know pick, you know maybe you can steal some pictures or you know ideas or this is the where I'm goingna get my textay. But you see how mortgages kind of all have the same kind of idea concept. This is the national trainer for all realtors in America. One of ten of them on the subject. She lives in Scottsfill and this is a class that SRP paid and so there's. I know there's some FLS in here pictures of solar and that kind of shit. You know you see kind of like the solar same shit like that. Is that all? That's all I have for pictures. Where's my flyers? I know him. That's another shitty version of the flyer. That would be all my photos. I got some more at the house so I can send you that are more bullet points and kind of that but that's generally. So if you go to green energy dot mortgage it just takes you to my lo application site that goes into my POI system and then my CRM is a different site called Bonzo which would be something like that. But you fill it out and it goes to me in an email. Then I set up the automation. You got to learn CRM how the automation was like hi first name and you put the tap for first name. So it drags from the database Frankie Jones. So it says hi and put the tab first name. So it pulls Frankie and auto text and that's what I got to work on. Some of the automations like the birthdays lo anniversaries, you know hey make sure you like all the follow up. That's the next step.
Speaker B: I'm like to send emails so that.
Speaker A: Way when you people will pay people to set that ship up and I'm. I've got to set it up with the CRM but people. So if you go to Google.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Or just Google Green mortgages, space mortgages, mortgage match up. They'keep going down. There's green mortgages. Let's see what that says. Green Green financing loans. Fannie May these. That's Fannie Mae. That's the industry people. This Green Finance Institute. Let's click that.
Speaker B: This is a certification thing.
Speaker A: Go about us. Here we are. Is this some Europe sh. Go to t below. Yeah, that's some Europe shit that don't imply so go back to the close all this shit that is probably some D EI fucking what they call it no ESG environmental sustainability shit so go down that just brokers loan officers ad so green financing loans Fannie Mae so the loans that I offer from from them and I have their PowerPoint on why the benefits of energy efficient more so you don't have to worry about that so we can get rid of that green choice. Freddie Mac is the other government repository that does loan so when you do mortgages you either send them through Fannie or Freddie and this is just their page about their version Chase bank what is an energy efficient mortgage Chase bank don't do I'CLICK on them let's go down they actually offer them so that's something like this this is a good what is an energy efficient mortgage right you want to like this is the same shit that I'm trying to do. And so this green do Realtor is the national association of Realtors designation for sustainable trained realtors and I got an endorsement for so this little logo shit right here green so this is one of my this well this combo is one of the shits that I put at the bottom on my landing patge become a green ambassador blah blah blah. So I've actually hosted this class paid for by SRP APs. I'm doing SRP again and I've actually done the Green appraiser fucking class which when I write my bio about me Greg has worked and hosted Green the Appraisal Institute's Green designation class for appraisers. I've hosted it for realtors I've spoken blah blah blah blah blah. So when you do an energy efficient mortgage you got to have a energy audit where they come to the building tech dude comes and stuff and they put them on these forms through an institute called Resident so resonident I've got my endorsement so those people go at the bottom which they're like government agencies but I got their because they are the business partner of these people and I'm known in their circles and they are the strategic partner of the national association of Realtors and N say and NAR and they are national association Realtor says if you're going to do anything in the sustainability space your company should be vetted through people like Pearl and the contractor should be because they like they vet like an Angie's List but for sustainability and they also do these marketing packages using the energy audit sh and they advocateating campaign all through the government for green shit. So like they're one of like eight of those top sustainability companies. So like they're going at the bottom of my page. These are all national heavy hitters, right? Like the leaders. Like every realtor is in the national association of Realtors because you have to join the local and then you also have the state and then the national. You're a member of all three at the same time. You pay, you get all three from one membership and every realtor. So like if nar is a partner of Pearl and Pearl endorses me, that makes gnar like my cousin. Okay, right. You know like let's go, let's go. So u they're on there and so those are the little logos I'm going to put at the bottom. And you know like Greg's worked with things and this and that. And I have a. Let me grab my phone. Just like this chart, something like this. This is what I want to add. I want to get rid of this one. I don't need this one. But this, something like this, these four, maybe like an even streamline it. Those are like the bullet points like the programs. And I'm go goingna add bank levels heloc second, you know, there are different r I might even just write them all in a paragraph. There's different programs that you could use such as the fha, the F ma, the Freddie mat. This energy efficient and like in text form as it's writing. Or I might just highlight and get rid of all this text and then just say conventional loans at government or FHA VA veterans are considered because they're backed by the government, you know, fha. So they're called govy loans. Okay. Not like the government, but they're just the hud it far with Housing Urban Development. I might just like group them all out. I don't know how I'm gonna do it, but something like this. So I'll send you. This is one of our past clients. The power went out for two days in the neighborhood and he was the only one with power in his house. He took a picture from the drone. He has like batteries and all sorts of shit. And you thr a party and that day all the neighbors come charge their phones at his house. And that picture was taking attentionally to show the blackout. Yeah, it's got B.E.
Speaker B: S picture.
Speaker A: Yeah. You know, this is a flyer that is on energy saving tips. And it's not like we want to talk about the subject, but more of kind of the verbiage and Kind of to see how those themed flyers I guess work right O some of these are really old.
Speaker B: You any pictures?
Speaker A: Yeah, I sent you the picture U I don't know what the just sent you but I just needed sendict me everything flyer U okay. That is the same program but done by a different marketing person. You know green energy ettera.
Speaker B: GR got something to eat? We got pasta.
Speaker A: Oh no, I'm care thank you so much. Somebody was trying to pull some shit like hey my kid was being born. You don't have no empathy. That's Roman being born and me taking a selfie in Heather is like right here and Roman is being born like in a few minutes from what she's like you need to send me the approval form so I can put the offering. I was like hold on. Roman's being born and I took a selfie with me in the hospital and so I'm like you think same person was tring? No, somebody that was tripping. So I was like I actually work through the birth of my son. I think I have something in the screenshot that's Roman's tactic just quit and she just reached out to me and she was like hey, you know I love roents so much and I think about him every day. We should keep in touch and hell yeah we should.
Speaker B: He's looking for a L in nanny.
Speaker A: She'S like Lebanese like one of those Kim k sh.
Speaker B: It't anything this.
Speaker A: We get the green energy mortgage folder know that's a shit we can stillal the story. Let's make your home safe, make it all more efficient, you know, etc. You know what you know and I want to put like did you know that you can ask for a grain appraise? You know people don't know that because you know how to pick your appraiser because obviously thank you. But you can ask for people that are trained on the type of home you are. So if you have an energy efficient home you can request energy efficient trained basically I have the folder where I don't.
Speaker B: Bunch of stuff.
Speaker A: You around tomorrow.
Speaker B: Tomorrow I gott I got a bus.
Speaker A: I'll be home.
Speaker B: I'm not sure what time but.
Speaker A: Ll right. You know what is an energy audit? What is you know, ettera. You know like. Like just kind of like the informational site for and first we make it like a lead capture site like bare bones and then we go like modular. Yeah and like 1.0 is just basically the header. We got to get the header right so it looks the part and for compliance reasons I just need the Craig lira team, the lya team powered by Barrett Financial Basically that's how you say compliance W powered by because that's why I love of the lyine power Financial I usedually say guilds and shit no it'sn toa say barar and u that's just kind of how they it very financial but I use their address as my address so it's not like I use my house and my lice are very simple. You just basically copy what the other.
Speaker B: Guy, the hard bunny guy is or what's on your car.
Speaker A: You know the shit of my signature bar financial the address my end and my last number and then I put my state license numbers because I'm or I don't have to necessarily put that but but I put the litine Barret Financial you know my. My links somewhere on there maybe get ADU financing, you know like I don't know how to tie that in you know but I u I do want all of my sites connected but and so I guess I'll figure out what would be most important for round one Oay obviously the header, the banner, the opening would says why do you want to get an energy efficient mortgage? That kind of starts, you know they have the rabbit hole. You click, you click, you click, you click, you keep fucking going. But it always takes you back to the same shit. Fil out of form.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: And u yeah and then what I'll do is I'll program my CRM and as soon as they fill out thank you for sending your information and we'll reach out to you in the next 24 to 48 hour blah blah or you know for faster response call give us a call tomorrow at the office and I don't. I think it'll just be bullet points at that point like the first draft, you know and then the next time we can worry about how to make it look spruceced up or you click on it and more shit pops up in a video. You know we don't need non of that now I don't know if I need all the animation like that but this is a sustainability company and they're very much le capture they don't get put out shit for here until you sign up and get into the account, you know lender home performance. Why do I need an energy efficient mortgage? Learn more, you know real life stories. Boom boom boom. Because I can steal some of this shit. I'm cool with them. The Appraiso Institute where my friend is the green Appraisal sits on the national board and shit. This is where they get their credentials. There's that resonant, there's that green realtorurf. I don't have this because I'm not an energy star partner and I don't have this one, but I do have green. The US Building Green Council, which I'll replace it. And I'PUT them all four across my bottom. There you go. Now looks like that can come because I'm gonna have to write, tell them about the site, let them see what I'm doing, get through okay, and, and I'm sure this one is easy. Pearl is easy. This one is easy. This one I'm going toa ask because I just hosted the green appraisal class January, so that one should be easyay even if it's just those three or four. Oh yeah, like what are you gonna say? Like, I have the endorsements from my shit. Says the head of all realtors, the head of all the sustainability of those green tree hugters, the head of the appraisers, the head of the energy auditor. Fuck with me. You know, because people say like, hey, I'm a nationwide speaker. I spoke to their nationwide z. There was two other people on it. Make me a national speaker. Yeah, so like let's get paid for it. Let's roll up and then I'm gonna get out of here so you can get some rest. Thank you, bro. I'll send you some money in the morning for that. No more work. And I'll throw in the monitor.
Speaker B: Hey, mazel top.
Speaker A: Get a.
