Speaker A: Alright, so, at the kickback, it's going to be at Ginza, we're going to do a percentage share with the, with the restaurant, for the night we do the party, the kickback, we're targeting 10% of gross, and then we want, we want to have some entertainment, so we'll have canna claws be the host like normal, we'll do the raffles with the gift boxes like normal, the gifts, we enter the tree periodically throughout the night, we'll call raffle winners, people can buy raffle tickets, get multiple entries, multiple winners, calling out gifts, they get a boom. Then, we'll have, we got three ideas for kinda like things to happen on stage during the event. One thing is, they're all audience interactive participants with winners, and they'll, we'll have a sign up sheet for each one, and they'll have to sign up and get in line and all that, and they're really easy. So, the first one is guess the sack, where they'll be given, they'll have to eyeball, weigh a gram on stage in front of everybody, if they get it right, they could keep the gram, or they could double or nothing and try to win more, and instead they'll put their gram on the line, and they'll go and they'll try to weigh out an eighth, and if they do that, then they can try again for a quarter, and if they do that, then they can try again for half ounce, and we'd seek a sponsor for that, or it would come out of our stash. Second event is Nick Cage match, five bongs, limited contestants, how fast can you smoke each fire, each bowl, back to back to back to back to back. We'll time it, there'll be a clear winner, winner gets to pick a gift from under the tree. First guess the sack, they just win the weed, they win. Then third event would be past the ash, there's like a, it's like a circle, a group of people, they smoke a blunt, whoever drops the ash, steps out of the circle, last one in the circle wins. Potentially they pick a gift from under the tree as well, we don't have a designated gift. They, yes sir, he wants it. So then as far as that goes, then we'll have some elves up there as like a photo op, it'll be different than past years, and the elves won't like have a function necessarily unless we hire them out. Otherwise they just up there with Santa to be part of the aesthetic. As far as vendors, there's limited space, so we're thinking limited vendors, vendors will be restricted to sponsors and skunks. That's it, that way we'll keep it, holy smokes, we'll keep it small. As far as that goes, focus on the party.