Speaker A: All right. Okay. You got tape measure or you just need to take steps? Oh, there's ground cover in there. What. What kind of plant is it? That's hella cactus pots. What's going on? Did your dad start doing cactus once? We were talking about.
Speaker B: Something like that. He's always trying to do something.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: I was thinking, like, this would be the weed area, right? And then let's name it one of these little. So this would be section A, right?
Speaker A: Okay. Let's name them something badass, like Gilgamesh.
Speaker B: This will be second.
Speaker A: Yo.
Speaker B: This will be section. Liza Minnelli.
Speaker A: Wait, what was the first one? We got razor blade and Liza. Okay, so that's razor blade, and that's. That's where you want to put the cactus. So that's where you put the weed.
Speaker B: I was thinking about the weed here.
Speaker A: Right, okay. And that's the first one when you walk in.
Speaker C: Yeah, you're right.
Speaker B: And then real easy, the box off kind of deal, you know?
Speaker C: Yeah. It just looks like.
Speaker B: And then I was thinking about putting the mother plants for the cactus here. Right. And Liza and Liza Bop. Just bop them down the road just.
Speaker A: Like a row cactus. Yeah. What do you think on variety? Should we do those boobs? These?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: No, I say we do whatever the we want.
Speaker A: So I say.
Speaker B: Hold on. I say because we're doing the whole mother plant concept, right? And we're not turning them into buckets for profit. We're decorating the property with them. Right.
Speaker A: So are we going to mother plant them in there and then have to excavate them and then put them somewhere else, like transplant them?
Speaker B: No, no, no, no.
Speaker A: Transplant cut here.
Speaker B: Yeah. Hear me out. When mother plants them in here, we throw them in buckets in here until they root, and then we bring them out to the property.
Speaker A: And we're taking cuts off the mothers.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker B: Okay, so we'll take cuttings off the mothers until they root, and then after we terrace part of the property, you know, we'll put a cactus every so many feet.
Speaker A: That. You know what they said those puntias, the pricklies were good for to make, like, natural fencing.
Speaker B: Right. So based on our terrorist level, two, potentially, is what we put that particular cactus.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right, so hear me out. So razor blade gets the wheat plants, right?
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: Liza Minnelli gets the mother plant.
Speaker A: Huh.
Speaker B: Let's see here what we got. Charlie. She.
Speaker C: He.
Speaker B: He's doing the cactus rooting.
Speaker A: Okay. And that's buckets, right?
Speaker B: This is buckets.
Speaker A: What about worms? Where you want to put it in ground Worms.
Speaker B: I got you already on that.
Speaker A: Are we just taking over the whole space?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: And then right here, we can dig in the ground, right? Yeah. That's ground cover. You froze up.
Speaker C: Cheers.
Speaker A: Cheers. Yo, what kind of dab stick is that?
Speaker C: Did a.
Speaker B: Hold on.
Speaker C: Tell you one second.
Speaker A: Okay. Weird. Is it metal?
Speaker C: The handles?
Speaker B: Wood.
Speaker A: Oh, okay. Okay. I thought it was metal. It was, like, stamped. I was like. That was crazy.
Speaker C: It's like. Like a driftwood.
Speaker A: Okay, dope.
Speaker C: I think Mason did a collab with them.
Speaker A: Oh, with the guy. Okay.
Speaker C: SNW maybe or something.
Speaker A: Okay. Gilbert, you froze up, bro. Oh, there you go. You're back.
Speaker B: All right, sorry. Yeah. So. Yeah, so we'll do worms there in the ground.
Speaker A: Okay. I like it. Hear me out, too. You know what might need to be an operating cost for us, Gilbert, that we hadn't really considered before, but maybe it's something we should do. Starlink.
Speaker B: What's that?
Speaker A: Starlink?
Speaker C: I thought that's what you said. Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: What are you gonna do with. Yeah.
Speaker B: Sorry, I'm looking up heavy out here.
Speaker A: That's exactly why we need Starlink.
Speaker C: What do you.
Speaker B: What do you want to do in this section?
Speaker A: That's not. Okay, wait, wait. So what. Okay, we got razor blade, we got Liza, we got Charlie Sheen. Is this the part behind the door or where is this?
Speaker B: This is by the green. By the. Oh, hey, Frank.
Speaker A: Yo.
Speaker C: You heard about Bluetooth meshing? Like those apps they got where you can talk or message privately?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, Jack was on that. He said a bit talk or bit chat or something.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's what it is.
Speaker A: Yeah. I haven't fucked with it, but I saw that it was a thing.
Speaker C: I didn't know if that would work better for you out there with that perception being.
Speaker A: Oh, maybe. I think that with that, though, it's low range, right? Because Bluetooth is low range.
Speaker C: I'm not sure how that works.
Speaker A: I think it is. I think it's communicated over Bluetooth. So it's more like shortwave radio analogous to that, but Bluetooth device. The Bluetooth device. So like. Or you'd need like. Like. Like leapfrog stations. Like. Like you both connect to one thing and then you can communicate through that. Like, I saw one dude put a. One of these low area radios or whatever on a drone and fly it up into the air, and then he and his buddy were communicating through the drone radio two towns over.
Speaker C: That's pretty cool.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's wild. Yo, that's like military tech.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. They said that Elon said he ain't with. He ain't with these guys, man. He. He ain't releasing no phone.
Speaker A: He's not gonna do it.
Speaker C: That's what he said yesterday or day before on Joe Rogan's podcast a couple days ago, I think last year.
Speaker A: A new one with him has like four days, I think.
Speaker C: I think it was a new one, wasn't it?
Speaker A: Yeah, four. I'm pretty sure he was on there four days ago. I haven't watched it. It was like three hours or something.
Speaker C: Yeah, I heard somebody just comment, you know, another somebody I made.
Speaker A: Oh, about it. About what?
Speaker C: He's.
Speaker A: Yeah. Cuz the phone thing would be lit but I mean at some point. At some point they smoked that fool. He does too much.
Speaker C: I was gonna buy a Tesla because of that, you know, because they said you got free phone.
Speaker A: Oh, that's fire. Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah. And I guess the whole.
Speaker A: I guess the whole automobile market is like on a slow implosion right now. My buddy was talking about yesterday world. Yeah. But then like. So Toyota apparently is supposed to come out with like a $12,000 truck next year.
Speaker C: Really?
Speaker A: Yeah, something like that. But then people are like, no, it's gonna cost 20 or I don't know, something. But it's. It's all over.
Speaker C: You remember waha. When you could get a brand new Tacoma or Even like the T1 hundreds or the old SR, SR5s or whatever, you know, for nothing man. For like you know, 1012,000 brand new straight up.
Speaker A: No, you got to pay over 30 grand for a truck.
Speaker C: Now the Tacomas, God damn, they started like 50 or something. Brandon.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So interesting thing coming up. Gilbert, you froze up again. See what I'm saying, darling?
Speaker C: A scenic. Scenic Route 33. I used to travel it all the time as cactus reserve with monastery and all the monks took care of the cacti. Yes. On Scenic Route 33 running between Marion route side Tucson. Between Marion and I think 202 junction maybe. Oh, I used to go out there and get my dope. I used to go out there and get keys of meth.
Speaker A: Yeah, that had some place for it for sure.
Speaker C: World back in 2012.
Speaker A: I mean AJ still is I think. Although I think some of it's moved to Glendale.
Speaker B: All right. Yeah. You see this, Frankie?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: All right, so what section. What are we doing in this section?
Speaker C: Just a bunch of awesome. It's because there's room and it looks great.
Speaker A: We're not. Are we abandoning. We're not going to try something where we have to control the environment yet. We'll wait for that. Like mushrooms. Cuz I think that we should have something.
Speaker C: Yeah, okay.
Speaker A: If we're not doing mushrooms, it should be something that's like. Oh, not necessarily something we're making money off of, but like the showroom. Like we put frass on all this and look how like a fucking 30 pound tomato or something I have. So give me a second on that because I have a. A research thing I gotta read.
Speaker C: About.
Speaker A: What types of plants people are buying fertilizer.
Speaker B: Well, we'll name this section the Riddler.
Speaker A: Okay. Is there's a question because we still.
Speaker B: Gotta figure out what the we doing with it. So what.
Speaker A: What are the names of the sections again? What do we got?
Speaker B: All right, this is.
Speaker A: How many are.
Speaker C: Are you going to have a diagram?
Speaker B: When we got. We got.
Speaker A: I. I got Robotron, optimus Prime, Johnny 5.
Speaker C: A really bad drive through.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Bender.
Speaker B: You don't have Starscream or Megatron is. You can't be considered a friend.
Speaker A: I thought Johnny Five was pretty prime.
Speaker B: All right, so we're Gonna split this 50 50, right?
Speaker C: He's alive. What?
Speaker A: You're cutting out so much, Gilbert. I think.
Speaker C: Yeah. We can't have an intelligent conversation.
Speaker A: Yeah, those were all robots. They would say you sound like a robot. That's why we.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker B: I turned on my Internet. Is that better? Yes. All right, so I think we should Split this thing 50. 50 with cannabis starters and cactus starters.
Speaker A: So that's just like starts.
Speaker B: That's right. This area's got to be stuff from the seed where it's like just way too small to survive.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: On its own.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Man.
Speaker B: Like it has to be. It has to be big enough to where it can withstand an assault from a bird or a rabbit to not be in there. So be in here.
Speaker A: So what is that? That's the protected zone. Is that Noah's. Noah's ark?
Speaker B: Yeah, this is the DMZ right here. Let's make our way up here. We can potentially climate control this thing, fast this out.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker A: The small coupe. That's the small coupe, Gilbert.
Speaker B: Yeah, this is the small coupe.
Speaker A: I'm mad at it. I mean it's because. Isn't it supposed to be a bird rotation between the two coops? Are we abandoning that?
Speaker B: Check it out. Because we got. We got the big old coup, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And then we got this little detach thing right next to it.
Speaker A: Oh, I see. So move them from the within that. Well also we were talking about letting them Go into the yard. Right. So like we put them in the garden or the wherever, like a little area and then go with the coop and then put them back in. Right.
Speaker C: Right, right, right.
Speaker B: Yeah. So this is the thing, right? So this is gonna be a shape cloth on top and then all around this is gonna have a one of those 50 foot by 6 foot shave cloth. And then it's going to be fenced off at the bottom. So it's low key, going to be pretty secure. And then we got this thing right here to where we can like load them up in bun those.
Speaker A: All right, that's open on the bottom. That's exactly what I'm talking about. Little cage. So they got a little fenced off area, but they get the fresh forage.
Speaker B: Well, I was thinking about. And then also I guess because it's quail, we can tip that on its side.
Speaker A: Oh, is that sealed off and then.
Speaker B: Not be standing up like this? Yeah, yeah. There's a little gate that opens and closes right here.
Speaker A: Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. Well, and then like they're small, right? So like you put a lot of them in an area.
Speaker B: Because we put chickens in here sometimes to with them.
Speaker A: Like. What do you mean to with them?
Speaker C: Two doors down got chickens. My dog loved Jason, you know, to.
Speaker B: Take a look at them, see if they like got any kind of weird kind of infection or like one's a bully. So we got to separate them out or something weird like that.
Speaker A: Got you.
Speaker C: I said you raise chickens and you raise rabbits. You'll never go hungry.
Speaker A: There it is. We were just talking about quails and rabbits.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's what they said. They said you got to have the chickens for the eggs. Fat because no fat.
Speaker A: Well, and they're quick, right. Like you get a lot of eggs. You get eggs every day. Potentially.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, I get eggs.
Speaker A: But like you don't, you know, you can't kill. Well, I mean, I guess you could butcher a chicken every day. I guess.
Speaker B: So other than that, I don't think we should really with anything else.
Speaker A: What else is there to fuck with?
Speaker C: Like a commute.
Speaker A: Yeah, right. This is backyard.
Speaker B: I got this, I got this. I got a section out there we can use.
Speaker A: I think we definitely want to get, you know, going and then expand kind of deal. But like, I mean, I definitely don't.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: But like a lot of that is just.
Speaker B: So this is what I'm thinking and I think it'll be easier coming from this side opposed to this side.
Speaker A: Right, okay.
Speaker B: But we come in, we're Coming here, right on this one. And we already got a fence set up on this side.
Speaker A: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: And I'm thinking, and I'm thinking about like right here where this rock line starts. Put a fat ass pile of dirt, push it over, get this section kind of leveled out.
Speaker A: I got it. And that's where you start.
Speaker B: Right. And then we use this as the baseline.
Speaker A: Right, right.
Speaker C: And the user.
Speaker B: And then, and then we come in about logging, I could say to about like right here. Right. And then that's when we push the rocks on the side and then we shoot out straight this way.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: Oh, then that makes.
Speaker C: Sense.
Speaker B: Yeah. And then that'll make that level. And then like look, so this, this world. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Come in here while they're still alive. Imagine if we were getting start giving them that for us.
Speaker A: Facts.
Speaker C: When you say fraction, mean like assassin friends.
Speaker A: No, like pana for ass.
Speaker C: Hey, Frank.
Speaker A: Yo.
Speaker C: Sorry to interrupt. Let me ask you a quick question.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: I've been having a really hard time with this, with this one project.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: And I just installed blog code in my terminal to help me debug and you know, like that teach me, help, teach me some more and whatever.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: And it just prompted me something. It wants to know how I want to pay for do I want it to fall under my account with or do I want to pay per API uses?
Speaker A: Okay. So what do you have a cloud code account?
Speaker C: I'm just working off a free tier. I don't have a page.
Speaker A: I don't know if it will work with your account without a paid one. I don't know if it'll work with the free tier. It may. I would try that. How? What the big. Here's the big difference. You're gonna get rate limited with the account, depending on which type of account you have. So like free Verse Pro versus the hundred dollar one versus the dollar two hundred one. And then. And you get different limits and then you kind of sometimes get different models that you can use as well. But the API one you'll be able to use as much as possible, but you're gonna pay per token. So you're gonna have to go to anthropic, put money on your account. Not you won't have to. I don't think you have to get the subscription plan, but you have to like top up your account so that when it runs tokens it just takes it out of your balance. And then so you'll have a little more control. You could probably get in there for $10 and try it out that way as opposed to the $20 and hit. You know what I mean?
Speaker C: What I was thinking was, is. Is what is. What, what is. What is he going to use the API key for? He's not going anywhere.
Speaker A: It's going to use the API from Claude.
Speaker C: From Anthropom to connect to the terminal.
Speaker A: Correct?
Speaker C: Oh, I.
Speaker A: The robot's not on your machine. It's still at Anthropic.
Speaker C: So every time it. It goes back and forth, it's sending it.
Speaker A: Yep, exactly.
Speaker C: And I don't know how they charge.
Speaker A: Per token, so each depends on your inputs and outputs. They'll have different lengths of tokens based on the length of the response or the media type or something. Image is more than text. And then, and then it'll like. There's like, that's just pretty standard with the API. Like there's tokens for that, the LLMs process, and then they charge you per token. And there's different rates for input and there's different rates for output.
Speaker C: I got that token calculator and there you go.
Speaker A: There you go.
Speaker C: It is pretty standard.
Speaker A: That's.
Speaker C: I decided. I didn't. I wasn't thinking like that. I thought, what the hell? Where the hell is he going that he has to use API? But I wasn't thinking this.
Speaker A: The actual. Yeah, all right.
Speaker C: Thanks, man. I appreciate that.
Speaker A: No problem. There's also free ish ones. So, like, you could use something like Klein, right. That you would install in VS code. And, and Klein only works with APIs, but you can bring any API. So you could do something like Open Router is like API aggregator for LLM. So you could use. You would, like, this is a little complex, but you would take. You would use your Open Router API key with Klein. Okay. And it does pretty much the same exact thing that Claude code does, albeit Claude code is like supposed to be the best one. But Klein you use exclusively with the API key. You can use Open Router. And then on Open Router, there's free models all the time and they kind of rotate which models are free. And so then you could designate your model to be one of the free ones. And then you're like, you're using it for free. You get what I'm saying? And then. But the thing is, you're now like using different robots and cycling through different ones, and you'll get mixed results, whereas with Claude, it'll be pretty consistent. And then you can kind of tailor your prompting and stuff around that. So, you know, I see that.
Speaker C: I seen Something that's you can download or you can at least the weights or the. You can get the weights. The newest deep seat that they just released that they say is somewhat agenic itself, like, you know, somewhat general, which I don't see that yet, but I know they're not giving us every. Even China, but they said you can grab that.
Speaker A: Yeah. Any of the open source ones you can. You're just gonna get into a bottleneck with your hardware if you can run it because it's. It's pretty resource intensive. The bigger ones, it said if you.
Speaker C: House it on a Raspberry Hot.
Speaker B: Not.
Speaker C: Buying it and, and connect it to. There's a big ssd and it was a terabyte external drive and then the cloud, but it ran.
Speaker A: I don't. So. So in order to run the LLM, you need a gpu. That's the only thing that we got right now that's processing that. And so it's a bottleneck on how much VRAM you have based on how many parameters the model is trained on. And so if it. The more parameters the model is trained on, the more VRAM you need to run it. And Raspberry PI does not come with a gpu. So to me it sounds like they're offloading GPU workload to the cloud and which then you could, you could do that from any machine. So like, but then you're like. So then you have to figure out, you know, which service you're using for a vps, a virtual private server. And then you got to host the LLM on there and then so you, what you're gonna do is you're gonna pay for the hosting cost now, so you just transfer the cost. And you could probably, like if you use something like a Kosh is dirt cheap. And so you could probably get away with saving some money that way. Except these models are humongous, like hundreds of billions of parameters for the top open source ones. And, and that requires some hardware. So like you. And you got to rent it.
Speaker C: So they got that new, those new chips out too.
Speaker A: So like which one? So like you got the DGX sparks that Nvidia finally dropped. But still that can only run. It's still a bottleneck. Like these things are great and they put them out there as like, oh, it's such a big advancement and they're right. But the difference is like you could still only run a 32 billion parameter model, whereas like the old deep seq 3.1 was 600 billion parameters or something like that. So like the difference between that is huge. And while you can get the LLMs, the smaller ones to do some stuff and the more specific you are and the less complex you're asking, the better the results. Right? But those, you know, it's like if you. So like I have 16 gigabytes of vram on my machine and so I can run like a 16 billion parameter models so to speak and it not be too terribly slow. But if I go in there and I try to get some of the shit I get out of Gemini 2.5 or GPT 5 or Grok 4 and I go into my 16 billion llama model on my machine and I try to get the same fucking responses. It's just, it's just not gonna happen.
Speaker C: And you know, nobody, you don't want those responses. That's a waste of your time.
Speaker A: Now unless it's something super specific like in a program where there's some AI function that has to happen and it's very specific and it's not crazy complex. It's not like writing a book or taking in a bunch of context. It can excel at that on a local level and do something real nice. And so there is definitely use for it. But, but the local, like PewDiePie just did a video about doing a local LLM and it being all great. And I think he did the deep or no, he did the GPT OSS 120,120 billion parameter model and he had to build a rig with 10 gpus to run it locally efficiently. Right. And so, and then GPT OS OSS120 doesn't function as well as GPT5.
Speaker C: What about those new, what about those new chips those young ties are making to wherever they are that the chips have reasoning chips had reasoning in them.
Speaker A: And so about that.
Speaker C: Yeah, some crazy ass new, some AI. But yeah, and so it, the, it runs loops and it reason for the answer. So it what the best answer should be out of what a choice it is. And so it cuts down on the power and the back and forth or whatever it's supposed to. Plus they're doing power plants into these, these plants and to run these things. They don't have to do that. If this works, they don't have to do that.
Speaker A: Well that's definitely a. So yeah, check it out. The models are becoming bigger and bigger because that's right now that's better. But then at some point there's, you know, you need the giant plant to run it. So then it becomes cost prohibitive. But then even at Some point, the models will just become more efficient. So like the. The architecture of the LMS become more efficient and require less hardware. Right. So not only is the hardware getting better, like you're saying, but then the LLMs get more efficient and then. So then the gap is closing. But right now. Right now, that is rough. You can run some good image models locally, though, with not a lot.
Speaker C: I was gonna. As soon as I got a chance, I was gonna do it. I just haven't had the extra time.
Speaker A: Which one?
Speaker C: I. I was gonna house. I was gonna house a local model and. And you know, do some stuff like that. Not the. Not about.
Speaker A: I mean, or LM Studio. Which distro did you get? Or are you still on Windows?
Speaker C: I'm still on Windows with this one. Just because I had website yet. And they, you know, they just ride this out until you're done and whatever. Mint Cinnamon. I did Mint Cinnamon for the one in the house and my mom. I haven't done my mom. I haven't installed my mom.
Speaker A: Yeah, mint is good.
Speaker C: Yep. And I've been working in a Ubuntu. Ubuntu on a terminal power Shell. Not really PowerShell, but Terminal with WordPress and light lightspeed. WordPress. I've gotten familiar with that a little bit. That's actually what I'm in now.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Who do you watch on YouTube for AI stuff?
Speaker C: I like that depends if you're looking for real work lows and like that. There's a couple. I don't want to say like foreign, but. Indian. Yeah, maybe or something like that. That nationality that are up there. I can't remember their names, but I can look them all. One's Hanson. Learn with Hanson is his full channel.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: And I like. I like that. That boy at TK Corner, the corner office. Him and all his buddies are all in AI, but they're also in all businesses. Entrepreneurs. So they start business and, you know, whatever. But they always use AI for a lot of it. Is AI business at home. Like, they're putting together work plums like that. And I'm selling them leasing network. Chuck, he's cool. I like. I'm in his discord too. He's all right. And then I like ethical hacking. I want to learn because I want to be able to prevent myself from.
Speaker A: Being scammed and targeted.
Speaker C: Yeah, Attack. And I. I don't really want to be a tough guy anymore. It's really hard to be something you're not. I had to be a tough guy for a very long time. And I really, I'm not. I want to be, you know, so now instead of, you know, beating you up and fighting you and all that dumb disrespect me, I'm just gonna open your garage door, close it every 10 minutes, gonna do like that.
Speaker A: Okay. All right.
Speaker C: Yeah. So I. I'm trying to decide now if I want that flipper zero or if I want to get something better. Because they said you can get the flipper and then get those attachments kind of help it do the other things. Right. But yeah, I thought that was pretty cool, man. That's what I want to do. I want to aggravate the. Out of the people I don't like.
Speaker A: That's funny. I watch. I really like Income Stream Surfer. Hamish, his name's Hamish. He's got some really good practical. No, it's Income Stream Surfer is the name of the YouTube channel. It's like an Irish guy, his name's Hamish, but he's really practical on his stuff. And he's specific for like Claude code vibe coding type thing.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: I like, I like Dan Martel.
Speaker A: Damn. Martel.
Speaker C: Yeah, he's Canadian. He's. He's made millions. It was with AI, but he started like four or five.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: But he's pretty cool, man. I like him. All right. Off the wall, like younger, younger that want to give away. Well, I guess now because it's not. But two weeks ago, Nadin was still, you know, he had to kind of figure it out and know what we're doing a little bit. And they were giving those all those strategic, like big in depth workflow for like that, that people really want. Like media where they. All your messages, read all your messages, summarize your messages, response messages that are appropriate for them to respond to, do to your guardrail and, you know, filter you to others. Any which way. If you have a library with videos or posts or ads of your niche for your company like that, they'll automatically shuffle them and post them across every social media platform three times a day on a schedule. You know, all that. And they'd give like that away. I was like, yo, that's awesome. That's what people really. That's cool. So I'll build them out. If not, it'd be easy enough to fix. I got out right.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker C: But yeah, that's cool. Camera.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. All right. It's about time for me to hit this wood chipper.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm gonna hit this dab and then I'm gonna go back to work. Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, I hit It. I was just eating. I get strung out on clog code, homie. Yo, you know what my favorite thing? But see, I have the paid plan, so I. I wouldn't recommend it because it'll eat up all your tokens. But the. Or unless it's valuable to you. But like, Gilbert and I are planning this thing like for like a. Kind of like an agribusiness for next year.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: And so I've like been doing hella research and we've had hella conversations. And so like I'm recording our conversations again, the transcripts, and then I'm getting all the research and I'm putting them into a folder and then I'm having Claude code go in there and then I just like using Claude code, like a chatbot, but it has all my files and conversations in context right there in the directory. Right. And so that's been extremely useful.
Speaker C: Yeah, I can see that. Absolutely. I hate going back.
Speaker A: Well, then it's all in the folder. So then you just push it to GitHub and then it's on there and then you can, you know, it's like saved and then you can pull it and whatever. Your computer could get burned in a fiery inferno. And then you would still have all your. Because you put it on GitHub or whatever. But.
Speaker C: Oh, that's. Yeah, right. I'm still figuring out use GitHub and hugging face. Like, you know, I mean, like all the uses for them.
Speaker A: Yeah, they're pretty much the same hugging face, just explicitly for AI. And then GitHub's like all computer.
Speaker C: Hey, let me ask you this. I really don't want to go through the process of building another website and I don't want to use one of those prefab bullshits. Yeah, like WordPress and all that though too. I want to do another website. Can you think of a good recity? I could steal one from a repo.
Speaker A: That you can steal a website from?
Speaker C: Yes, yes, yes. A nice one.
Speaker A: What does it need to do? I don't know. What does the website need to do?
Speaker C: I'm gonna steal the code and dump it in or clone it.
Speaker A: What. What does the website need to do.
Speaker C: For the AI?
Speaker A: Something E commerce though. Are you selling on the website and taking money?
Speaker C: No, I just need a landing page. That's it.
Speaker A: Bro, you don't even need like a single page.
Speaker C: I guess it'll have to be elaborate. I did want to dump some like 3D animation. Like where guitar talk to you?
Speaker A: I think so. Okay, hear me out. I think that you should just go and watch that dude, Hamish. I go on to that income stream surfer.
Speaker B: They.
Speaker A: They've got a new thing on. They've got courses now on YouTube. Have you noticed that there's like a new tab on everyone's profile? He's only got one course and I think it's four videos and they're like eight minutes a piece. But it's him step by step making a web app slash website and. And the. And the exact steps he takes. So like which I would watch them but then I would also take the links to all of them and go into Gemini specifically because It's Google's and YouTube is Google. And I would put all of those in there and be like, make me a step by step on how to build this site out based on these videos on these courses. And then. And the reason why I say that is because there's specific order that makes it easier. But landing page is like super simple and I don't even think you need the. I get what you're saying on the. The repo because then it's like the template. Then you can just kind of tweak and fiddle in there and then it should be good. But what I'm saying is with that course, he's gonna lay out the exact like three things that you need to be able to put it up. A database of which I don't even think you need a database. Maybe I guess a content. Well, no, because the contact form you would. You could use resend. But I don't know of a website off like I have a couple websites that I've made and I got them on GitHub but they're not. They're private repos. But I could share you on them. But I don't know if it would be crazy. It might just be over complicated because it's like all my pages and stuff. And then you'd have to like. And because there's like stylization themes and whatnot that I may not have set up properly. But like with homies video, he like tells you how to set it up properly and like. But I really think a single page would be pretty simple. There's. I can tell you how to host it for free, so you don't have to pay any money. You just use. You just use Netlify and GitHub. So you put your repo and it could be private, but you put your project on GitHub and then you link your GitHub and Netlify and then you can push any repo in your profile to netlify and it'll just host it on the Internet. And as long as you don't exceed like usage, which you probably won't because it's pretty high, it's free. So like that's money right there.
Speaker C: Yeah, I remember that from.
Speaker A: Netlify.
Speaker C: Yeah. I already have an account with them and everything I've used.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Website that I use then.
Speaker A: Right. Built a website. I've built a couple websites for people and each one I just make them their own GitHub account. I make them their own Netlify account and then I make the website and push it on their. And then they got it for free forever or as long as they. You know, if I could change their terms. But.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's cool man. I like the job.
Speaker A: I'm telling you. Hamish and then I like Coal Medium but Cole's can be a little over the top top because Cole's not like. I mean I guess he's making Vibe coding content but he's like an actual developer. Whereas this dude, Hamish Income Stream Surfer is not a develop. He is maybe now after a couple years. Right. But he's like a Vibe code developer exclusively. He used to only do. He used to do SEO for e commerce businesses in Europe and then so he started using the AI to make make SEO friendly pages and now it's turned into full on cloud code to make any application you want kind of thing.
Speaker C: How do you use Sort?
Speaker A: Which one? No, because I don't have an iPhone and maybe they changed it but at first you could only use it on the iPhone and then they changed it.
Speaker C: I got it on my Samsung. Now you can get it.
Speaker A: Do you have to do the wait list still?
Speaker C: No.
Speaker A: Is it its own app?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. I'm gonna download it right now.
Speaker C: If you need.
Speaker B: I can.
Speaker C: I can. I can dig and find you a invite link.
Speaker A: Do you get. Yeah do that. Do you get something for know.
Speaker C: And the guy that's giving them away only had four already. What he do? Create a chain like our. So every time that you sign up even sign up four, two or something in my us and so they created this like what this chain or whatever.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker A: Makes sense.
Speaker C: Yeah. You can go DMS and or his comments on his last post and you can just read through and pick the next one.
Speaker A: Gotcha.
Speaker C: That's not used. You know what I mean? Yeah, I'll. I'll drop that. Drop that in here. And he's cool too. You'll like it.
Speaker A: Okay. It looks like it's Gonna let me.
Speaker C: It'll let you on anyways and it'll give you some free credits, but you'll get more. Well, however many they give you with this, you get just as many or double plus that. Oh, and I think it's good two weeks or something to where you. It replenishes every day to free. To use Every day for two weeks for free.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Something like that. Something cool. Night Calf is doing that too.
Speaker A: Oh, bro. It's like its own Holy. It's like its own tick tock app.
Speaker C: Yeah. Because you can comment and you can message people and all right here look.
Speaker A: I got six invites.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's. Yeah, it's all that. It's gonna be up. Well, you saw what like Float TV is doing, right? Okay. So these platforms are the new social media platforms. We're all gonna have Avatar and we're gonna be able to on a platform like this, pick our favorite show or our favorite movie or something like State Crawl around the same age. Back to the Future. I watched that a lot when I was a kid. I wanted to be Marty McFly and you know all that cool. And say I wanted to go, I want to watch that movie. Well, I'm gonna be in it no matter what because your avatar now whether you sit on the bench or whether you enter you, you're in everything. So if somebody wants to time into your channel and watch your show or your movie because you rewrote the end Back to the Future and now somebody else does something different and it's interesting so people want to watch it. That's like getting like a folks thumbs up or part or whatever.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Watching. So that's going to be the. The new social media. They said as far as our interacting is our avatars will interact in a almost virtual reality type way. But they did all the money right now. Like you cash in stupid dumb that don't do like they tell you your age because down to the second, you know, stupid like that. But they've already got all that for Google Play and you know, blah, blah, blah. But they don't have that for. Which is also going to be a platform that they never want you to leave. Everything's going to be brought to you there. Which is why Sam's doing what he's doing with dropping everything. So connecting together the agent, the agent builder and then the connectors inside.
Speaker A: See. So I'm gonna tell you this. I. That is wild and. But me, I'm more bullish on privacy. Okay. And I think that. I think that the centralization of the aisle and the dependence on them. Like there was a point and I don't know what the stats are now, but like last year there's a point where like 80 of all AI traffic was open AI and potential and either through the API or the web chat. And that's like. So like if everything we interact with in the world is streaming back to open AI, like that's bad. And I think that what comes from that is a push towards the other direction, which is more local. And. And I think that as soon as the hardware, the hardware and LLM efficiency catch up to each other and then it's. Then the barrier to the AI is super low and we can run them on our phones and we can run them on our computers and they're good, all that is comes crumbling. So I don't really remember why I started this, except I don't trust any of them foes.
Speaker B: As soon as my AI starts talking in an Austrian accent.
Speaker C: Oh, I got right on mine and I went to live. I went in there, I said, I don't care what the kind of voices you got in here, but I want you off like Jason. Okay. Like Smoking barrel, all that. Yeah.
Speaker A: It did it or what?
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know why I like that. I knew it's gag, but I like.
Speaker A: It's funny. That's funny.
Speaker C: I feel gay as.
Speaker A: But you're like, oh yeah, Jason Statham. Tell me something else.
Speaker C: He's my cellmate for five years. He did that all the time, man.
Speaker B: He always talked like.
Speaker C: Like one of them. That is like if you are from Minnesota.
Speaker A: Oh, you betcha.
Speaker C: Don't you know?
Speaker A: Don't you? Oh yeah, you bet you.
Speaker B: Yeah, no.
Speaker A: Oh yeah, for sure, for sure. I've met some Minnesotans before.
Speaker C: Who the did this guy shout out? I love these glasses. The glasses that are coming.
Speaker A: Which ones are you looking at with the bracelet? Oh, the Meta.
Speaker C: Well, no, the aftermarket, the Madondu or whatever.
Speaker A: And it has a bracelet?
Speaker C: Yes, 200 bucks.
Speaker A: Word.
Speaker C: And it's unit. Yeah, it's universal for Apple and Android and it does not have the fitness and the wellness and all that, the monitoring in it. It is strictly curer or I don't know what they call it. Strictly.
Speaker A: Ar, like heads up display type.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: And it just like connects to your phone or what?
Speaker C: You won't have a phone anymore. They're in your glasses and you can't you put your prescription for an extra $40. Right.
Speaker A: But like how much it doesn't connect to Your phone.
Speaker C: Well, I guess it does. You don't have to. You, you don't, you don't have to use the phone because the interface is on your. It's on your lens. Sure, check it. It's projected in front of you.
Speaker A: I'm just wondering how much, you know, capacity. Capacity it has for stuff without the phone. You know what I mean? Like, I don't know. I was looking at one. You know, you could 3D print. There's a. It's called the open glass project. You can go, you can get a $30 board and you can 3D print a housing and. And then you get the little. I think it's like a 15 camera. And you put it on the board and you put it in the housing and you can attach it to any pair of glasses. And you got smart glasses.
Speaker B: So I want to do a smart monocle.
Speaker A: The, the monocle is lit because then you hold it over stuff.
Speaker C: This power ratings over 10,000.
Speaker A: Well, well, think about it. You mob up on something and you hold the monocle over it and it's got that small scope and then it does all of its, you know, it pulls it into the system and whatever image.
Speaker B: It's not like this badass pair of glasses you gotta wear on your face and stuff. You just go up there like the, you know, dead shot.
Speaker A: You know, it's like seeing glass. It's like the, the witches with the cauldron. And then they can see on top of the liquid. Yeah, it's like that.
Speaker B: All right, hear me out, hear me out.
Speaker C: I'm going.
Speaker B: I'm going down the fantasy a little bit. Yo, imagine if you had like a telescope set up with that. And it's like telling you what constellations and stuff.
Speaker A: I like it. I didn't do that. Right. Digital telescope.
Speaker B: Oh, they got that.
Speaker A: I don't know, but I think digital telescope is a thing and so I think that's not that far fetched.
Speaker C: Put that in the chat. Now.
Speaker A: What was it.
Speaker C: That guy with the, with the codes?
Speaker A: Oh, bet Unlimited invite codes.
Speaker C: Yeah, you got it.
Speaker A: Manus to sort. Oh, oh, okay, I see. I'll check it out.
Speaker C: Have you checked, man, it's out yet?
Speaker A: Yeah, I manage a little bit. I got a homie who really likes Manus. Hey, man, this is cool.
Speaker C: I didn't with it until this new one that just dropped.
Speaker A: I haven't with the new one, but Manus is cool.
Speaker C: That's the one that they. That's the one that they said is general.
Speaker A: Oh, okay.
Speaker C: I don't I don't see that I'm paying big money to use it, but.
Speaker A: Are you subscribed to Manis? What happened to my.
Speaker C: AI Google? AI Google, Google Studio. AI Studio, Whatever they got. They got free Nano Banana right now too.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. I mean, you can use the whole. The whole thing for free. So, like, you could go on and do the. I'm pretty sure Miami was just doing it yesterday.
Speaker C: The app builder say Alan arena did a couple of apps like that too. You can Sky. What happen if you join Sky Work Discord and you download their app, their tool? They let you use it for free, too? A ton of for free within their Discord. Okay, that's pretty neat. You get to share it. You have to share it or whatever, right?
Speaker A: It's free public, but yeah, I got you.
Speaker C: It's a BO3 VO3. And sword. Sword. Yeah. Sword two was in there too. Also. Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: But yes, Skywork. It's a complete, like, replic or. It does everything. I got you.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, I know. Repl it.
Speaker C: A, B, A, B, A, C, U, S. Abacus. I use. I pay for them too. I pay that $10 because they. For $10, you get everything.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that same homie. He really likes abacus.
Speaker C: Yeah, watch out. And I pay $20 a month for chat. GPT.
Speaker A: What about Z? You with Z?
Speaker C: Which one?
Speaker A: Z? AI. No, just Z. Yeah, it's another Chinese one. Supposed to be really good. It's G. GLM 4.6 is the model they run. GLM.
Speaker C: Oh, that's. Yeah, that's what I was gonna ask you was. Let me see which one this was. Oh, the Quinn. Q, W, E, N. Quinn. Yeah. And what was the other not? Not deep sea. But what's the other?
Speaker A: Chinese, Asian. There's baby quinn. Quinn, manis, glm 4.5. Deep sea.
Speaker C: Maybe it was one of them. But anyways, the two Chinese, when they. They ran them all against each other for, like, different things or whatever, I guess the government did. And yeah, Chinese, US, they killed.
Speaker A: They better.
Speaker C: It's kind of like when being forced to, like, fight and like that, like trying to learn to fight or protect, you know, defend yourself. But people would always tell me, they'd say, listen, it's the wind, okay? Do an extra 100 burpees every day, an extra mile or two. The wind. If you can take a hit and you've got good wind, you'll win every fight you're in. And I swear to God, I rarely lost fights in prison. It's because my party was so good. Stamina I can take. I can take an ass whooping, and I could. I could last longer than you.
Speaker A: And then when you retired, I beat your ass.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: That's that Muhammad Ali strategy, yo.
Speaker C: Got me through.
Speaker A: That's real.
Speaker C: But. Yeah. I don't know why I said that. Oh, but that was them. But, see, that's what Chinese China did when they. I guess, a few months back or whatever, when they saw they couldn't keep up with us. We're building power and compute power, getting commute power.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker C: They went the other way. They changed their framework, and instead of, like, building up, they built. And it paid off.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: That's what they say. That's the rumors or the misinformation that's out for us anyway.
Speaker A: Right? Right.
Speaker C: But, yeah, I'm gonna get back to work, man. I got. I got a dude. One of the other discourse. They hooked me up with their financial. Green Financial. I guess they're friends with the guy that runs Green Financial.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: To do my credit card process.
Speaker A: Oh, no.
Speaker C: And so he's got the. He's. He's got his foot on my throat.
Speaker B: Now.
Speaker C: About this website. Like, man.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Like, this is a second. This is a hobby.
Speaker A: It's a hustle, like a money stream right there.
Speaker C: I just want to be cool and take my time. You're rushing me now. And now make a mistake now.
Speaker A: Now it's not fun anymore. Yeah. Facts.
Speaker C: Yeah. I'll see y' all later, man. Good seeing y'. All.
Speaker A: Peace out. Yes, sir. Adios.
Speaker B: What's the game plan?
Speaker A: Well, I think. Oh, my mom's phone. I should take her. Her phone. Damn it. I wanted a wood chip before it got hot. Oh, let me see if they emailed her. Synchrony. Lost in them. All right. I don't know. I want to go outside and do some stuff because I want to be able to do some shit before it gets hot. Damn, cat. What are you doing, fool? Fool's on the stove. Get off the stove, bro, unless you want to get in one of them pots. Like, you get away with a lot of shit because you're a tiny little kitten, but the stove is too much. Stay your ass in the house. He def. He really wants to come outside, but. Yeah. So I mulched the other day about half my pile. So I was trying. I was thinking I should mulch that and then clean up this dog, apparently. And then get this organized. What I really need to do, I think. What's today? Thursday. Oh, I'm supposed to have. Damn, that's a fat dump, bro. What did you eat? Holy shit. Good God. Holy fuck, bro. That's the one I smelled. I let him outside last night. I was standing out here and then I could. He's across the yard and I could smell his shit. I was like, dude, what the fuck? What the did you eat? And so I. This was my plan. I was gonna try to do some out here before it got hot. And then I was gonna go in there and take all our combos and recall them. I had like, one thing I was gonna try to do work wise. And then I was gonna try to get all our. Together. We were talking about this morning with Dom, the kickback. And then I was also gonna try to get the. The frass research things and button up that. And then also. That would also be based off our conversation as well. All right. The second conversation.
Speaker B: Yeah. You guys still talking about those cockroaches?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. No. Nobody likes the roaches, bro. It's like bizarre to these people. But that's why. And that's how we know that the shit's untapped and that the shit's gonna be something crazy. Because nobody wants to deal with the bugs, yo. So we'll deal with that.
Speaker B: Everybody's like, this is amazing for cactus. And it's really doable out here.
Speaker C: But everyone is like bugs, bro.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So, you know, we'll just do it the right way in a good clean environment. And now where we're not like touching bugs all the time. And with our.
Speaker B: Yeah, we do have a cockroach farm, but we also wear hazmat.
Speaker A: Right? Let's see.
Speaker B: Do you like this? You like this meal, bro?
Speaker C: Paid for by T. CR Yeah.
Speaker A: That'S what I was thinking about with some of the, like, if you had. You're like, yeah, I grew this tomato with our frash. They're like, oh, what's that? You're like, roach poop. And they're like, like, people might think that's crazy. They might turn them off from the products. But we're not selling products really.
Speaker C: That's right.
Speaker A: Vegetable products.
Speaker B: And then what we do is we just. We're just selling it as organic fertilizer.
Speaker A: You know, I think we go, no, I think we do the full thing, man. Cuz there's no hiding it. We're. We're gonna have content. And I think we're. We're like, we are gonna have push back. But I mean, who the doesn't. And you can't get everybody, but. And then the pushback is going to.
Speaker B: Be the only other people are that Dubia place and that's an online stuff. And who the knows where they're located at?
Speaker A: Facts. No. And we need that guy too because that's validation. So like. Because someone will go and see our and then they'll be like oh, I look it up and then they'll find that like oh yeah.
Speaker B: Like hey, you can. You can buy the same exact stuff this shoe's got except for you don't have to pay for shipping. And we can tailor it to your garden potentially.
Speaker A: Yeah. So and that's. And that.
Speaker B: And then like. So like we have these little bags and like this is for like urban gardening. And it's like high in kit and weird like that and sure.
Speaker A: Or like I was even thinking types of plants potentially like.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's the big thing is the frass. The way the frass works. You can alter ultra cater it to particular variety.
Speaker A: Yeah. Which is so amazing. Right. Like.
Speaker B: Like you're able to. You're able to ultra specifically gut load the Dubia roaches. A lot more so than the black soldier flies and the crickets and you know what I'm saying? And mealworms.
Speaker A: Well, I'm not. You can gut load the bsf I think. Pretty sure based on the research I've been making you gut load. Because the. The bugs don't break. They don't digest this anything.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: You know. And so like it gets past. It's like a pass through and they just make it bioavailable.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker A: Yeah. And then the worm. See, not only are we on some new cutting edge with the frass, but then we're gonna put it through the worms and it's just gonna be. It's gonna take it from poop to gold. I mean the other should be good by itself too. But like I. I just like the worms turn it into soil food.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker B: I almost think we should take a couple of biochemistry classes.
Speaker A: Am I mad at some like that? But I'll tell you this though. Do we need to do that or we would like live in the age of information. Yo. Like we could learn that without a class, you know.
Speaker B: And then all. All we need to do is get one of these. All we need is a scientist or somebody to be like, oh, seems legit.
Speaker A: Yeah. Or like some test results. And like all of that is content like the saga of getting that like okay, well we got these matches.
Speaker C: And.
Speaker B: Then we can just send it into the professional.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: 100 and. And I'm pretty sure we just use U of A.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: You know, and then we got. Then we're fucking teaching the class on frass.
Speaker B: Straight up.
Speaker A: Or we go through and we got the frat, the vermicast frass or whatever and we. And it's like some new cutting edge shit. And then they're like now they're like referencing our agribusiness in the textbook.
Speaker B: The big thing that I'm thinking about is the fact that this shit is so fucking anti bugs kind of deal.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: That's where I think the cannabis, it's.
Speaker C: Like the number one.
Speaker B: It's like the number one enemy of plants, you know?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And there's this fertilizer that fights it.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: I just. Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. No, it's great. So like.
Speaker B: And it all still cycles into the whole Canon crew with that. It takes away. It only adds to. It doesn't take away from it.
Speaker A: Exactly. It get. You know what it does, it gives us a path of monetization. It's a product that our people might like and well, but it's a different subset of the niche. Right. Like it's the grower, not the smoker. And so low key, what we need to be doing is just figuring out our little. Because like imagine this. Imagine we were selling consumables like lighters and rubbing alcohol etc, etc, Q tips then for smokers and then we were selling frass for growers. And then we were selling like glass to blowers, you know what I mean? Like we're hitting all the little sub niches, sub genres of the niche, different audiences of the niche is what it is. And then youn know, giving them something low key, something they all consume so they keep coming back and that's volume or that's you know, cash flow.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: And then it's like then we've got the full ecosystem, Cannabis, not just cannabis culture. And then we're doing like some kind of something with the frass and the skunks to where then we got these frass customers are pumping OG skunk prices. Right.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: I don't know. What. Something, something.
Speaker B: You know what? Dare I say we can create some sort of the. The expression that's not to be named.
Speaker A: Yeah. I'm not mad at it. And is that a skunk thing or its own thing?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Trying to hustle for ass.
Speaker A: Because they're get. Yeah. I mean around like imagine we. Okay, so imagine we get proof of concept and then we're like, yo, we need a fight future.
Speaker B: Argument's sake, we'll just call it Voldemort. Right.
Speaker A: Got It.
Speaker B: This is an actual excellent opportunity for Baltimore.
Speaker A: I mean around. I mean the whole. Any of it, right? Like Skunk Shop in general is excellent opportunity for Voldemort. So Frass to me is just another product.
Speaker B: Right? It's another whole crux, brother.
Speaker A: Another whole crux. Hagrid. Yeah, so definitely I'm really into the Frass. It's checking a lot of boxes. Did you get the Sora thing I sent you just now?
Speaker B: No, but. Oh, it's an invite.
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker A: I've logged in and they gave me six invites. So around. I wonder if it's because I'm pro or plus or whatever.
Speaker B: On what?
Speaker A: Chat GBT plus. I've had a paid account for probably two years. They better give.
Speaker B: No, I gotta have. Oh, sort of. I open AI this. Is that that everywhere that homie's been talking to me about?
Speaker A: Video generator. Yep, exactly. And he said you had to get the inbox and all that. Well, he opened it up a little bit, but it's like its own Tick Tock app. And then if you put your avatar on there or whatever, then other people can use it in their videos. I didn't do that. I skipped it.
Speaker B: Oh, K's been putting himself in his own movies.
Speaker A: Yeah. Oh yeah. So you have a friend on there already. We low key need to get. We need to link up with Sean show and get him in the costume and get him on there to get him to make him a character we can use and stuff.
Speaker B: They try to give me a Gilbert shot 490. So I was like, I'll just do 420, right?
Speaker A: Oh, not the can of kid. I did it. Tried to give me Ice Hole. I don't know how where it got that from, but then I just did can of Crew because I was logged in with my chat GBT account. I thought is what I had to do. So I did that. Hey man, stop eating the mulch. You don't see your poop.
Speaker B: Splaining.
Speaker A: If you want. I haven't done it because I thought there might be limits.
Speaker B: All right. Now what I was going to do is I was going to go to chat GPT.
Speaker C: It.
Speaker A: I was thinking maybe I would stream on Tick Tock instead of Twitch sometimes. Although I do like the idea of streaming one place. I don't know what comes of anything, but just like the idea of streaming to the same place all the time. But I think that maybe I'm up with Twitch and it should be Tick Tock. What do you think?
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker B: What are you saying?
Speaker A: I don't know. Oh, I was saying. I was. I've been streaming to Twitch doing the Backyard, but I was like. And I do think that streaming to one platform is probably the best, but like the same one all the time. But it didn't. There's big old titties on my thing. The. I was thinking maybe I should stream the Tick Tock, though, because I think maybe I'm missing out. Maybe Tik Tok's a better platform than Twitch. But really, I think it's just a matter of being consistent.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: And then people were demanding products. You know what? When I was streaming on Tik Tok and we were doing it consistently, we.
Speaker A: Were streaming on Tik Tok. Consistently.
Speaker B: Yeah, at the warehouse. Oh, right, right, right.
Speaker A: Oh, I'm at right now, like in the backyard.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. If we could keep the phone cool.
Speaker A: Well, I just got put in the shade. I've never. Yeah. So right now then I'm gonna. Well, then. I don't know. Honestly, I wasn't even thinking. Well, I meant like right now, right now, like, because I've been streaming my backyard. Yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, shit.
Speaker A: But I was thinking of streaming to my Tick Tock instead of my Twitch. But the thing is too. You can't be too per. And what I've been doing, there's no real engagement with the viewers if there were viewers. So I don't know. But. All right. What time do you go to work?
Speaker B: Oh, I got six. Advice too.
Speaker A: Yeah, you get it. Okay, cool. So.
Speaker B: I don't know. I. I typed my prompt in and something started happening, but then the.
Speaker C: Disappeared.
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't know.
Speaker C: Oh.
Speaker B: This content may violate our guidelines concerning similar to third party. Because I wanted Star wars themed.
Speaker A: Maybe you. Maybe you'd have to be a little descriptive and not like there's gonna be. Maybe I'll look up how to work that.
Speaker B: Don't direct. I just sort of did not directly mention Star Wars.
Speaker A: Yeah, bubby is descriptive.
Speaker B: Okay, so then the last one, it said. And authentic Star wars and tone of design.
Speaker A: Yeah. All right. Going to start cutting. What time do you work?
Speaker B: 4.
Speaker A: Right on. All right, well then I'll hit you up when I'm done. And I'm with the transcripts.
Speaker B: All right, sounds good.
Speaker A: Probably be like an hour or two. All right.
Speaker B: All right, bet.
Speaker A: All right. All right.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker B: Peace out.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Discord.
