Speaker A: So if you look at the RAW files or the RAW chats email draft request, I'm pretty sure there's a really good email in there. So if you weren't looking at that, go look at that. Then we just need to update it with some of the info tweaks we got. But I'm going to read these emails right now and I'm going to critique them. In this transcript you say quick recap. If you're new to us, we're coming at this from the premise that we did a toy drive with them last year. However, we were not the liaison to set it up last year. We. Tom's Palms was. They're not doing it this year. Tom's poems and us were doing two years ago. We did separate drives last year. We combined them. Right. But Tom's Palms had all her contacts with which are all these dispensary people. But because she's sick, they're gonna do something else for the holidays. But we want to keep it going. So that's what our goal here is, is to get back into the dispensaries where they provide a pre roll for every toy that gets donated, like they did last year. I think Nirvana did that. I don't think the other ones did, but Nirvana definitely did. And we want to do that again. And it's not necessarily the East Valley. It's in a different location every time. Okay. You can give a little background on the Sojourners. You know, the. The savvy story we got with the people forgetting about the kids and stuff and then plays in boxes. So they've already. They did it last year. So we're just trying to get them to continue this year. You know what I'm saying? We don't need to sell them so hard. Free marketing exposure. Yeah. Part we'll do partnership recognition at the event. Zero cost to you. We'll be providing the donation box. Leave out the can of Claus stuff, put a festive donation box. And then along with some signage and promotional materials and social media assets, we could put that there too. Pre rolls, though we're not providing any pre rolls. Right. We want them to at least Nirvana. And then we can float it to the other ones. We can say some dispensaries that we worked with have done free pre rolls in the past with a donation. Blah, blah, blah, blah. Right. What we ask, post donation, share on your social, don't put will provide the content. Just put share on your social. And then because they're particular about their stuff, encourage customers to donate and wrap toys. Yeah, definitely. We're not supplying pre rolls, but you don't have to stress that. Just don't say it at all. Victoria goes help local families and Hollisters. Yeah. And like I said, it's not East Valley, it's the Valley. And so I get you on the list confirming locations this week. Part of this also, if you want to take it a step further into the vendor booth to the actual kickback. No booth fees, just bring your vibes and products. Yeah, I like that. And then I like that put. Sign it. It's not Gilbert Figueroa. Sign it Gilbert Trout. T R O U T T.
