Speaker A: Better say it's good.
Speaker B: Loft the alligator.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. This seemed weird.
Speaker D: He had, like, a. That was talking to him and what do you think?
Speaker A: We're trying to do this. Minion.
Speaker D: Was that roll something?
Speaker A: Well, we need your expertise.
Speaker B: We are. I like the sticky rice.
Speaker A: Oh.
Speaker B: No, I just the. I just had, you know, just.
Speaker A: Orange chicken just out.
Speaker C: What's. What's easy?
Speaker D: Orange chicken, orange beef. All of the appetizers are easy. Rice is easy. As sushi rolls are concerned, that's easy. Like the dragon rolls. Easy shrimp tempura roll. Any of the tempura rolls are easy kind of deal.
Speaker C: What should we avoid?
Speaker D: Anything with, like, sliced fish physically on the top of it.
Speaker A: Because that takes time and precision.
Speaker D: Right, right, right.
Speaker C: And then, like, what if we limited the type of fish or something like two. Like, what if it was instead.
Speaker E: All right, guys, we doing a special all tuna right now. All tuna.
Speaker C: Tuna and salmon instead of.
Speaker A: I like that.
Speaker C: All the different ones or whatever.
Speaker B: Tuna cups.
Speaker A: Well, she had mentioned that she wanted to do something like, see what she needs to, like, sell more of.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker A: She had talked about, like, what people like, like being able to prep.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, no, that's true. Yeah, yeah. She was trying to get people to.
Speaker A: Order before, so maybe we can have some.
Speaker C: But we told her we weren't going to be able to do that.
Speaker A: Some of the fish can be prepped.
Speaker C: So if we. But if we tailor the menu, we're kind of doing.
Speaker B: You know, I said it. We just play it by ear. Just give them this menu and be like, yeah, no, no, no, no.
Speaker C: Not this many.
Speaker A: She wants us to put together a menu. She can have something prepped. She wants to have her ready to go.
Speaker C: Like, so I'm hearing orange chicken or orange beef.
Speaker B: Orange chicken or beef.
Speaker D: Yeah, right.
Speaker C: I definitely think teriyaki. I think the Mongolian. You gotta have that.
Speaker B: That's five different meals right there.
Speaker A: Yeah, Beef and chicken.
Speaker B: Beef, chicken, beef, chicken, beef.
Speaker A: Mongolian beef.
Speaker D: Yeah, Beef, chicken, Mongolian orange or teriyaki shrimp fried rice.
Speaker C: What about fried rice? Yeah.
Speaker D: And then fried rice is easy. It doesn't matter what it is. So we can sit there and put.
Speaker C: Fried rice, all the fried rices, and.
Speaker D: Then at the bottom we're gonna put shrimp, chicken, vegetable.
Speaker A: Just pick your protein.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Ooh, fried rice. Pick your protein. How.
Speaker D: How.
Speaker A: How customized should we get with the fried rice? Can I say no peas? Or is that like. Is that a bag of. Or are you actually putting a separate vegetable?
Speaker D: We prep all of the vegetables, but.
Speaker C: It'S one big pot.
Speaker B: They make you're going to have to accept it. We ain't making no exceptions because somebody don't like broccoli.
Speaker D: They do.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: You know some allergic reactions. Just test that man up.
Speaker B: Hey, if you have an allergic reaction to Chinese food, don't come. You know, hella people. Hella people allergic to msg.
Speaker C: What if.
Speaker A: What if some got in there got mayo in it? Then what?
Speaker B: I don't order things with mayo. That's why I specifically ordered the Dragon.
Speaker D: Customize the fried rice and stuff. But sometime.
Speaker B: It comes in a bag with like all the veggies in one mix.
Speaker D: We get all of our vegetables.
Speaker B: Come on, bro. I already talked to the lady. She says you guys uber eats and.
Speaker D: Add five bucks vegetables.
Speaker A: Hey, everybody order it off. But just save money on the dasher feed. That's how trapper. That means trap a fee. I'm just dashing.
Speaker C: So.
Speaker A: All right, but that sounded so beef, chicken and then we got the different rices.
Speaker C: Right?
Speaker A: Mongolian beef.
Speaker B: Should I. If that's just about everything anyways.
Speaker C: No, we should have some kind of seafood and vegetable.
Speaker D: Well, we can like. We do a teriyaki salmon and a teriyaki white fish.
Speaker B: Yeah, but you know, it's a sushi restaurant. So what like other sushi.
Speaker C: There's other sushi.
Speaker D: It's actually an Asian fusion restaurant and she wants to do stuff.
Speaker C: Sashimi is hella all sliced fish. We want to stay away from this probably. Yeah.
Speaker B: Just give them the menu and say no sliced fish.
Speaker C: So like what about the ramen?
Speaker D: All right. I think we should.
Speaker C: Is that.
Speaker D: Yeah, but the thing is we have two different kinds of ramen.
Speaker C: What are the two kinds?
Speaker D: We have a miso ramen and tonkatsukatsu.
Speaker C: Yeah. So one of them's a big deal.
Speaker D: Or miso.
Speaker A: Wrong.
Speaker D: Was the most common ramen.
Speaker A: What's there? Are either one of them hard or take along?
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whatever.
Speaker D: Is all fairly same press. But it's. It's like.
Speaker C: It's fat ass ramen.
Speaker A: Fat ass.
Speaker C: And it's 14 for veggie. I think we should 19 for the most expensive meat.
Speaker D: So I think we should. I think. I think we should do the ramen because somebody might order it. You know, I think people buy ramen. It's that niche thing.
Speaker A: And that'll be cool because the fusion.
Speaker D: And then. So this is what I'm thinking. Right. Hear me out on the road. I'm gonna spit fire some rules.
Speaker A: You got the general.
Speaker B: So he never let no army.
Speaker A: I know. So.
Speaker D: So California roll off top. Right.
Speaker B: The House is right behind Alex's country caliente roll.
Speaker D: Right? Yeah. Cuz that's California roll with jalapenos in it. Philadelphia roll. That's super easy, bro.
Speaker B: I'm going to eat enough by mosquitoes out here, bro.
Speaker D: Smoke. It's smoked salmon and cream cheese, you know, super easy. All of the tempura rolls, like eel tempura.
Speaker B: Do you guys have staff for this day?
Speaker D: Shrimp tempura. Yeah. And then we have a designated waiter that's going to help us.
Speaker C: We do. Potentially.
Speaker D: Potentially.
Speaker C: Who does? That's new since the meeting.
Speaker D: I thought we talked.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker C: Said no.
Speaker D: We didn't.
Speaker C: We're running orders in there.
Speaker A: She said we have to pay. She said that is a thing if we want to pay them.
Speaker D: Right, right. And we'd only. And. But we would only have to pay them tips.
Speaker A: Two hours.
Speaker D: No, no for it.
Speaker C: No, we're running the thing.
Speaker B: We'll run it. What is it, 15 bucks an hour times four hours.
Speaker C: All.
Speaker D: All the, all the temporal rolls. Right. Those are super easy.
Speaker B: That should be distributed amongst all skunks. I want my 1 30th.
Speaker C: And you said cheap. Cheapskates. You wanted the 1 30th.
Speaker B: Well, if you're gonna embezzle it, I want a piece.
Speaker C: How's the embezzlement? We're gonna take the order at the trap.
Speaker A: Don't even worry about reporting.
Speaker C: And then tomato, tomato. We're gonna put it all in xrp, homie. So really you should be on the privacy.
Speaker D: Those are all the basic rules.
Speaker B: Where.
Speaker A: The shit's like on top of it, bro. Famous.
Speaker C: Bitcoin's famous.
Speaker A: I'm with. I'm. I'm.
Speaker B: XRP is going to be famous.
Speaker A: We were so we want. We were sitting here trying to like put it together and then we were like, we don't know what's hard to do.
Speaker D: We don't know.
Speaker A: Takes a long time.
Speaker C: Like you just wait for him.
Speaker A: Pause. I still say no homo. I'm politically incorrect.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker A: And a bigot.
Speaker D: All right, so apparently.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: There's only two genders here. This is a two gender party. Make sure all the school foods.
Speaker C: There's actually only one gender here.
Speaker B: Not here, but this coming up, right? Gilbert identified as a unicorn.
Speaker C: Any longer.
Speaker D: God damn it. All right, are you guys. Are you guys ready? I'm gonna list off the jelly roll.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: Bunny roll.
Speaker A: Some California roll.
Speaker D: California roll.
Speaker A: Dragon roll.
Speaker D: Hold on, hold on. Because I'm gonna read it through here sequentially. California roll. Spicy tuna roll. Spicy salmon rolls. Spicy yellow tail roll. Shrimp Tempura roll, Crunchy caliente roll, Eel roll, Philadelphia roll. I got a better idea. Or Tootsie roll.
Speaker B: Go open you a word doc, and just write it all down and whatever fits on the page is what we're gonna do.
Speaker D: Las Vegas rule. Because it's not like that's 11 regular.
Speaker B: You got the whole minute you got.
Speaker D: Those are all super easy to make.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker D: Oh, around. And then we do the dragon roll and the candy cane roll. Candy cane roll is just a California roll with white tuna and red tuna on top.
Speaker A: Oh, they got candy cane for Christmas.
Speaker D: Right. So we got two specialty rolls. The dragon roll, you know, which is green with the avocado. Right. And then it's not too much.
Speaker A: Cutting up avocados.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: How do we prep? Yo.
Speaker D: All right, I wood off. Yeah, no, that's super. It's super easy to make. It takes a little bit of time, cuz you got to bake it. But it takes like four minutes to bake the eel. So like you sit there and do. Yeah, super easy.
Speaker A: So two specialty rolls and then what about the regular rolls we get. We just put.
Speaker D: Awesome. Yeah, no, I just listed the regular rolls and it was 11 of them.
Speaker A: Or 11.
Speaker D: Yeah, no, there's 10 of them. So there's 10 regular rolls that I listed that are super duper easy to make. And then we have two specialty rules.
Speaker A: So 12 overall. 12 California roll.
Speaker D: Right, right.
Speaker A: So 13 rows.
Speaker D: No, no, no, no. The California roll is a part of the 12 rows. Right. So 12 rolls total. A dozen.
Speaker A: Ramen. Ramen orange chicken and beef. Teriyaki chicken and beef. And then Mongolian, Mongolian beef.
Speaker C: Is it.
Speaker A: And then what's the seafood?
Speaker D: Rices. And then also we can do a teriyaki fish.
Speaker A: Is that like bacon and shit bake?
Speaker D: Yeah, it's like a.
Speaker C: And then what about tamhoras? What do you mean, poop on them?
Speaker A: No, I like. I mean.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker D: And then as the appetizers are concerned. Are you ready? I think we should do the edamame, because that's super easy.
Speaker A: How big is this menu they're going to give people?
Speaker D: Yeah, no, it's going to be one page. It'll be. And then. Because all we got left is the appetizers, right? Adamami, crab puffs, egg rolls. I think the shrimp tempura and the mixed temp. That's it. Super easy, super basic. And then french fries, if nobody wants the. With any of that kind of stuff.
Speaker C: So could it be like. Could it be like.
Speaker D: And they also have chicken tenders.
Speaker C: Chicken tenders. So could it be something like. As far as the entrees are concerned, it's almost like. I mean, not. Not the ramen.
Speaker A: Ramen rice or sushi.
Speaker C: Well, you're almost like picking your sauce and your meat, right?
Speaker D: So that. So that's what we'll do. We'll sit there and we'll have the menu like that. We'll be like, hey, peachy sauce. Pick your meat, pick your rice kind of deal.
Speaker A: I mean, sushi roll it.
Speaker E: Fried rice.
Speaker A: Sushi roll.
Speaker E: Sushi roll. Let me see your sushi roll. Let me see your sushi roll.
Speaker A: Sushi roll with some beef in there.
Speaker C: With beef. I've never seen beef in a sushi.
Speaker E: Sushi.
Speaker C: Oh, that's perfect.
Speaker A: Ginger come through. The Arizona can approve kickback.
Speaker E: Cotton candy.
Speaker B: Google.
Speaker E: Let me see your tootsie roll Dragon roll.
Speaker B: And then we need some footage of the.
Speaker A: So, yeah, I think California dragon roll. Let me see your tushy roll.
Speaker D: What y' all going to do to.
Speaker B: Ensure there's a bunch of hoes here? I'm trying to get my salad. No, the only thing that matters is what are y' all going to do to be bringing some hoes through, bro?
Speaker A: You know what, is he going to be cracking out here, man? I'm ready to spread my cheeks.
Speaker D: Yeah, I don't know about all that salad.
Speaker A: You said you get your salad cross.
Speaker D: Yeah, by.
Speaker B: By the Asian chick, not by you.
Speaker D: Nothing.
Speaker B: But none of y' all weird. You see them. You see all them Asian on tik tok with big.
Speaker A: Yeah, he's wild.
Speaker E: Catch four feet of fruit.
Speaker D: Four fruit by the foot.
Speaker B: You want to catch four feet by the fruit. Four fruit by the foot.
Speaker A: Of all of us, who's the most athletic here?
Speaker B: Gilbert. He's the most culturally diverse.
Speaker D: Calling it Johnny Long.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, Ginger, it's Johnny Sins over here.
Speaker A: Put that on the menu.
Speaker C: It comes with two extra.
Speaker B: Hey, let's sell three minutes. Closet.
Speaker A: Right on the. In the middle is gumbo, but like chicken. And the onions and pork blinds, but with gumbo in the middle of the fried rice. Like the. You know how jumbalaya. But that's in the sushi roll. You just put the gum, the Jumbalaya, inside the sushi roll.
Speaker B: Cuz you know. You know what it is. They put it just like this, and they put it here, and then they roll it.
Speaker A: Cre roll.
Speaker C: Creole creol.
Speaker D: Cre.
Speaker E: Oh, that would be so Food Network coming. It's the cre roll. We all want to get some of this Creole roll.
Speaker A: Come on, Jack. We're going to the rolls.
Speaker B: It looks like three HR complaints right now being taped up, typed up.
Speaker C: They can go canyon by storm with the crew.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker C: What's the likelihood of getting the creole on the menu?
Speaker A: Hey.
Speaker C: You can make it happen.
Speaker D: Did you tell it like this?
Speaker C: Come on out here.
Speaker A: You know, it just comes ginger roll.
Speaker D: Ask her.
Speaker B: Don't you work for tips?
Speaker A: Just to tip?
Speaker D: I'm trying to pay in just the tips.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker D: I think it's pretty. I think it's pretty stable on the menu. She can bust it over for a.
Speaker A: Real one, break it down and then design. You design the mini.
Speaker B: You got Word document.
Speaker D: You got Microsoft Word. It's saying, yeah, Microsoft Word.
Speaker C: Are we going to. We going.
Speaker B: I don't.
Speaker D: We're going to mess.
Speaker B: We're going to Google image and screenshots.
Speaker D: Them to the printer.
Speaker B: Yeah, let's just make the menus on stickers and everyone that comes in will just put a sticker on.
Speaker A: Yeah. Do you save it directly to the hard drive yet? Files correctly?
Speaker B: You know, Control B is have a keyboard door. Do you know what Control V is? Do you know there's a underscore code and a.
Speaker A: What were you saying?
Speaker B: Tell them we're going to play duck new duck Duck goose with the voice.
Speaker C: Are we going to do something weird with the menu with the pick the things or just leave it the items that are on there?
Speaker A: I think we do the traditional items.
Speaker B: I said we put some like gag jokes on the menu.
Speaker A: The one that we change.
Speaker B: You guys, I want to put some jokes on the menu, but not do.
Speaker A: The pick your meat, pick yourself right.
Speaker D: Just straight up, whatever price is right there. You could put.
