Speaker A: Still know now it just says you.
Speaker B: Can'T read the receipt. It's just a bad tech day.
Speaker A: And as tech deck, bad tech day.
Speaker B: What happened? What's going on? Oh, no, we're all just having issues.
Speaker A: Come get me right now. We can go pick up my son, Terry.
Speaker B: All right, Are we gonna get stuff done?
Speaker A: We're gonna try to.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I guess we can do stuff remotely.
Speaker B: Yeah, but.
Speaker A: All right, hold on.
Speaker B: Because I was kind of thinking that, but then I'm kind of thinking not at the same time.
Speaker A: So I got.
Speaker B: I'm conflicted.
Speaker A: All right. They definitely motivate us to try to do stuff before in person. Other than that, it's like this.
Speaker B: Oh, oh, the. The from Sojourner said she'd do a video thing.
Speaker A: All right. No. And then Maggie said no dragon roll, no ramen, and no spicy yellow. Well, I think it's going to be too difficult because of the prep. And then what?
Speaker B: Where's the cat letter? In your room next to the box. So then this is what I need you to do right now, Gilbert. I need you to hit her back and confirm that we're getting 10%.
Speaker A: All right?
Speaker B: And then we'll do whatever she wants.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: And so are we replacing any of the stuff?
Speaker A: No, we should just not have it.
Speaker B: Just eliminate those things.
Speaker A: Right. Because I don't think she wants to do the ramen because it takes a long time to make themselves ingredients type. I don't know why she doesn't want to do the dragon roll. That's really fucking easy.
Speaker B: I don't understand why she doesn't want to do any of it. Because she has it on the menu and she sells it. And if it was any other event or any other day, people could just buy it. And, like, she has it priced on her menu how it's supposed to be priced for how much time goes into it. So I don't understand any pushback on any of it.
Speaker A: Right, right.
Speaker B: Like, if it's not okay to serve when you're busy, then it's not okay to serve when you're slow.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, we'll just have that conversation with it.
Speaker B: Well, that's fine. Wait, we need to get the confirmation. Well, I mean, there's no. There's no convert. There's not going to be any kind of convincing. I am not. I have no illusions of we're going to go in there and tell her something about the menu. But the 10% thing is something that is allegedly up in the air still and needs to not be up in the air. Because, you know, and if she just can be like, no, no, no, no. On these things, and we'll be like, okay, well, where's the deal? Because if we go through and we get shafted on space and we get shafted on menu, and then we got. And then we don't get any money, then we're gonna have a real problem. We're gonna see if she knows kung fu straight up. Because, like, we can't do all this under false pretenses or we'll just be getting hustle. But, you know, and, like. And I'm not. Not going to be happy with that. And then I won't be allowed to.
Speaker A: Go to Ginza anymore. So I said it sounds good. And just to clarify, because we're. They're charging full price. We are getting 10% donation from the food. Even from the event food sales?
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't like saying it's donation because it's not a donation. It's not going to Sojourner Center. It's like, literally, like, we got to get something out.
Speaker A: I'll just remove the donation part.
Speaker B: Something out of bringing a hundred people to a restaurant.
Speaker A: Yo, sounds good. And just to clarify, because we are charging full price on our menu, we are getting 10% from the event food sales. Correct?
Speaker B: Yes. Perfect.
Speaker A: Hopefully she doesn't hit me with, like, I know speaking English.
Speaker B: Yeah. Then we're going to be like, oh, no.
Speaker A: And then it will be like a 100 million again in Chinese hand, too. Not that ass. Japanese. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: No, because otherwise I'm gonna call a bunch of takeout orders and never go pick them up.
Speaker A: So she said yes. Perfect.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: And it's in text message.
Speaker B: Exactly. Exactly what I wanted.
Speaker A: All right, we have a written document.
Speaker B: So is it only. You know what? I would clap back at her one more time, and I would say.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker B: Okay, we're not doing dragon Roll. We're not doing ramen. Is there something else that she thinks we should put on the menu that's not on the menu based on. Easy for her. Good margin for her. People really like it. Any of those kinds of things. Like. Well, we got that. Yeah. Yeah. Only because I was looking at the menu, and what it looks like is we have four now, especially without ramen, because that was the whole section. We got four entrees and nine rolls to pick from. Type thing. Or 10 rolls. One of those. The beef one.
Speaker A: Like the orange chicken and the beef.
Speaker B: Yeah, we have orange chicken or beef, teriyaki chicken or beef or fried, vegetable or fried. Rice with either veggie shrimp or chicken. I mean, it's pretty good, but that's what I'm saying. Make. Yeah. And some rolls. It's pretty good. That's what I'm just saying. Like, maybe she's got something. She sees all the data on what sells in her restaurant, so maybe there's something that we're missing.
Speaker A: And.
Speaker B: And then also that gives her a little contribution.
Speaker A: So this is what I said, because we're not doing the dragon roll on the ramen. Do you have anything you want to try to ask that you know, is easy and. Or popular?
Speaker B: Perfect. Yeah.
Speaker A: Can she tell us that her customers have a munchies?
Speaker B: Because what are those people? What are the people who are stone order? And she'd be like, I don't know. What do you buy, Gilbert? From what I could tell is seaweed salad and beer.
Speaker A: Yeah. Oh, yeah, I know. So I went to the pinata shop, and the chick was like, you having it at a sushi spot? Me and my husband love sushi. I used to get drunk at the firehouse all the time. Yeah, because she used to live out here.
Speaker B: Oh, that's wild.
Speaker A: Kick from the dosaria, but yeah. No, she trying to come through on a Sunday.
Speaker B: Oh, not on the. At the event.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, I don't know the events December 6th, you know, but I was.
Speaker B: Like, she's trying to come this week.
Speaker A: Well, I was like, come Thursday. I hope you like socket. All right, well, I got one.
Speaker B: Man. It's been a kind of a busy little morning for me. Let me. I really want. Okay, I'm gonna come over because I really want to show you this thing, and I'm about to connect it to Discord, that at your house, you're connected. Discord. So I could go straight from the robot and the robot post in Discord for me.
Speaker A: You don't have them both for you.
Speaker B: That's what I'm. I'm trying. I'm trying to set that.
Speaker A: Claymation video I made.
Speaker B: No, I didn't. I wasn't that buyer when it came out.
Speaker A: I think it came out pretty good. I'll be honest.
Speaker B: Not bad. Not bad.
Speaker A: And that was only, like, my four. No, no, that was my second one, because I got the first one, and Santa Claus came out demonic. It's like I had a little whimsy or something.
Speaker B: We should do something where, like, the origin story of Cana Claus or Santa is Krampus met a skunk.
Speaker A: Or we'll do a story where Krampus, the Santa Claus, after He smokes a joint.
Speaker B: That was kind of the point.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, Sam. Not that I can think of right now.
Speaker B: That's what I'm saying. We take the two grand and then put it as a down payment for a 50 year mortgage. So they're gonna. Their solution to the housing crisis is to allow banks to do 50 year mortgages. Instead of the 30. You get a 50. Well, the fucked up part is that the people who, the people in the political opposition to him goes, yeah, that's what you do instead of bringing the cost down. And it's like, oh, nobody understands what's going to bring us a good solution. There is no good. We're not going to get a good fix. Because the people who know that 50 year mortgage is bad think that we can control the price of the housing market through politics. But you know what's really funny is Greg was over here talking to me, Dom, the other day and he was talking about the housing bubble or whatever, but then he was talking about.
Speaker A: He's like.
Speaker B: And then the prices started, it's like bottomed out and it was like horrible. I clicked the job and I was like, yeah, man, wouldn't be terrible if those housing prices bottomed out.
Speaker A: Like a 1.2 million.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, that would have been the end of it all.
Speaker A: Yeah, they wanted 600,000, but they took 400. I'm like, we are still counting, you glee bastard.
Speaker B: It's like, holy. You can't let them fool them Fed do anything about the price because then Saturday and Sunday they're going to go in there and sway one way or another.
Speaker A: It was like that time, remember I took you to Flagstaff at one time and I was going through that store and I was like, yeah, they're great. I was like, 50 off here. Like 50 off 600. Yeah. Still can't afford it.
Speaker B: What a killer sale.
Speaker A: Yeah, great deal. Great deal. Still can't afford. That it.
Speaker B: Sam?
Speaker A: It.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: That. Okay, here's it, people. That it.
Speaker B: I'm gonna, I'm gonna head over then.
Speaker A: All right. Yeah, I'll either. I'll probably be at my house. Okay.
