Speaker A: What up? Those are good. I like the comedy. I think maybe that's the. Didn't do all the Santa, all the cheesy. It needs to be some comedy.
Speaker B: Right. Well, the thing is, is I, I was scrolling through the pre made videos, you know, that people already made and there was like dash cam, Santa Claus fucking crashers front of the co. It was like, oh, he crash. The cop was like, you're under arrest and Santa Claus gets out. You know, and then I was like, yo, do this same thing but be like, yo. I got so late at the can it kick back. But also what I just found out is the app is limited, but if you go to sora.OpenAI.com it actually has a little drop bar. Oh, he did?
Speaker A: Yeah, look at the last one he posted in PPK General.
Speaker B: But, but you can sit there. You can also make it from 10 seconds to 15 seconds or you can do the extending. Yeah. And you can also change it from like landscape and stuff like that too. So I was serious because I got paid today. I was seriously debating experimenting on the $20. $20 on the chat GPT.
Speaker A: Why?
Speaker B: Because now I have been running out of my limits. And also I think you can do like 20 and.
Speaker A: If you pay for chat GPT.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, are you sure you should verify that?
Speaker B: Yeah, no. So I just looked it up. Right, because Sora is Chat GPT. Right?
Speaker A: Well, it's Open AI or.
Speaker B: Yeah, Open AI. And I guess they're saying that if you subscribe to ChatGPT and you use the same exact login to sign up for Sora AI, that if you subscribe to GPT, that that's how you unlock the gated access stuff on Soar. Because I straight up, I was like, why can't I just subscribe directly through Sora? And then they're like, well, because they're doing a soft launch and it's not available everywhere, so they don't have payment processing kind of features set up on it.
Speaker A: Yeah, well that's not real because you could pay 200. Or is it the 200 chat GPT?
Speaker B: No, yeah, it's the 200 chat GPT account.
Speaker A: Oh. Which that comes with other stuff. So.
Speaker B: Right. So Also with that 200 chat GPT account, you can make like over like it's like over 30 seconds. You can do like 1080p kind of deal. And I was looking it up and I was like, hey, you know, like I heard you get unlimited generations if I do the 20 sub. And then the ChatGPT was like, look, that's subjective. They're like, if you use less than what credits you're allotted, it's always unlimited. But no, there's credits that you gotta spend on Sora. Yeah. Which, that's why I was kind of wondering about getting, you know, just dropping the $20 and then I doing it through my cash app, you know what I'm saying? And then that way I can at least see how many more generations I'll get it and what kind of different values. But also I could potentially just be jumping the gun in general.
Speaker A: Right. Well, you should try one of the video generators where you don't have to pay 200 to get no watermarks and see if you can get some tick tock love on that and then that'll validate the AI video concept and then you can justify spending the money. But it's hard now to just to spend. I mean, unless you just want to roll the dice, you know, you got a month to try to get something to pop.
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker A: That's what I did with the quad code.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: I paid the Honda. Actually, I paid a 201month. But then I built a website for 250 and I was like, okay, so I can, you know, that's where you gotta.
Speaker B: That's the whole thing.
Speaker A: I think kind of the situation right now, Gilbert, is that our inactivity for so long, you know, we always lose people when we do that. That we've been, it's been so long and sustained that we're low key. Losing Dom, like, that's how like we're like, if we had levels to commitment, you know, like Dom's like the inner, inner circle.
Speaker B: I've. I've never perceived dawn as being 100%.
Speaker A: Are you sure? Because for the last two years, he's the only ones posted to Trapper.
Speaker B: You know, I've definitely been trying to do stuff, you know.
Speaker A: I'm not saying that you haven't. I'm just saying that he has been too and has been doing stuff. So like, I, I don't think that. I feel like his commitment's pretty good there. I'll say this. He's only got so much time to commit though, right? So, you know, a hundred percent of the free time. I'm not saying you get 100 of free time, but 100 of the free time. And the free time is only six hours. Like that person still committed because, you know, even though they only have six hours, but they still have, you know.
Speaker B: They'Re still giving that up.
Speaker A: But like, because like we've gone through the whole, you know, I mean, how we posted a PPK and not one single person said anything.
Speaker B: So like that.
Speaker A: And the PPK is low key. Like that would be the inner circle, I think it would go. Inner circle would be like, you meet Dom and we could have. If you wanted to split hairs in there, we could. But then like, then ppk, right? People who like want to be involved with. We're doing and then I got a volunteer status, then OG skunks, then greater can occur, right? And like if the circles got bigger and I think that, you know, like, I don't know how many smoke sesh assassins in the last week. We ain't seen Mason one time, right. Bong Blizzard don't respond in the pbk. You know, Dom's ready to hang up the hat on Trapper. I guess full blown crisis mode on our thing as far as engagement of the community. Or am I not accurate in that?
Speaker B: I mean, we've always been kind of in that downfall, but it's like we've been struggling with what exactly are we going to commit to doing? When are we going to start doing it? I mean, I know why. Obvious why.
Speaker A: It'S been prolonged downfall. Then you got to go through different rungs and different levels of dropping people off. And I think we're like way down there now. That's all I'm saying.
Speaker B: So what I'm saying is what are we gonna do about it? Like, we know what's going on and we have remedies potential for. Right? But like, when are we gonna start doing that? Right?
Speaker A: Well, I think it's.
Speaker B: We're gonna turn around and be like, all right, I'm. What do we want it out? I'm coming over every day at this time and we're doing or anything. Because even back in the day, at least we were. The podcast, you know, they were drying content, but at least we were doing it regularly. And like, I may not have liked doing the Friday night freestyle, but people were showing up and we were showing up. So when are we gonna start doing that again?
Speaker A: Well, I don't really want to do that again like that. Like, you guys always bring up the.
Speaker B: Podcast Friday night freestyle. So, like, that's showing up. Because all I got to do is show up, you know, show up at camps, show up at this event, show up at the skunk sesh. Like, whatever. We just gotta show up.
Speaker A: I don't think so. I think have to show up. Yes. Only have to show up.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Like.
Speaker B: I mean, but the other Stuff becomes a byproduct, you know.
Speaker A: If we make it, like, it's like. Like Friday night freestyle, for instance. Like, we did the same thing for a year or more, right? And we had. By the end, we had less engagement than the beginning. It should.
Speaker B: But also we planned on evolving it to do this stuff with it. And then, like, we never did that. So, like, the Friday night freestyle never evolved. So then it regrets.
Speaker A: My point exactly. You can't just show up, right, because it'll dwindle over time. Like, that's what we've done. Everything we did, we just showed up can a corner Friday night freestyle, right? Facebook Live.
Speaker B: Yeah, but we always said that, all right, we're gonna start taking these next steps. Like, oh, we're gonna have in person guests on the canned corner, you know, or like, we're gonna sit there and have the other people rap on Friday night freestyle. Or, you know, like, we all. We always start doing this stuff and then we concede the plan because we're like, all right, yeah, that's obviously the next step in this process. But we, that's the issues. We never, like me, like, even right now, we got like the. We got time with the. Every booth, every product, people responding to the old stuff. We had a consistent idea of putting out the new stuff, and we're gonna put it out within a time. We got all the videos together. We're gonna do a, you know, Mystery Science Theater one of these days, and one of those days never happens, so the content never got put out. So then back to the one point is, when are we going to start doing this stuff?
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker B: Because I'll show up anyway. You know, I'll start taking time off on key days. Like. Like, I'll do it, you know, but we gotta know what we do when we're doing it, how we're doing it kind of deal. Like, we got. We got the can of kickback coming up, and all we know is we gotta make content kind of deal. But we're feeding content to dying community.
Speaker A: Precisely.
Speaker B: Because we haven't been giving them content.
Speaker A: Precisely.
Speaker B: So starting today, I suppose, like, what's the move? My wife's got Saturdays and Sundays off, and I got Sundays off. I can do stuff in the morning on Saturdays. I always got Monday off. We could. We could start doing the podcast thing like we talked about. Just hyping up the can of kickback and then us recording ourselves going through the process of. And processing the information and doing the checklist, right? Like, that's something that we talked about doing and we just never set the time decide to do so we can do that. Right? And it's already the weekend basically. So I'll come over Sunday and we'll shoot for trying to do a can kickback podcast talking about how we're going to be meeting up with this designer lady this week and getting that stuff going in that same day. We can make some can of kickback toy drive boxes and I can load them up and we can drop them off at the toy shop in the restaurant. I think that would be a big to do that'll get us on a content routine and it'll start the in person advertising for the candy kickback.
Speaker A: What time do you work?
Speaker B: I don't work till 4, but it's Thursday and I'm kind of burnt out. So I told you about the latest argument.
Speaker A: No, I don't think so.
Speaker B: Look at the shoulders straight up. Like I was like a. I don't get paid 17 an hour. You know, sushi chef that was favorite for me is getting paid way more. He quit. I know more stuff than him. Daniel was getting paid more than money than me. He quit. I knew more stuff than him. And she was like, he's like, you, you need to learn the entire sushi menu in order to get another race. And I was like the I do because you told me that I just need the crop training more department. I did that. And you didn't do your part. No. You know, she cut your hours and then. And then she was like, and you didn't know as much as Daniel. And I was like, that's because one day you threw me on the back of the line with kids. Me and Alonzo on a tin top and I'm working the walk and deep fryer with them back there. So you can't tell me that I don't know how to cook in the back of the kitchen and flushing and on top of that I can open the entire restaurant by myself, you know. And then she was like, you just doing extra favors for the other staff. No reason. No. And I was like, you're crazy. You don't think. And then my mom started yelling at me, told me it.
Speaker A: Well, you got kicked out of the restaurant.
Speaker B: Well, because we were what me about running out the door Anyways.
Speaker A: Got a thing for you and I can't let it go you tried everything but you won't give up in my world only you made me do for love but I would not do. You tried everything but you don't give up all right, Gilbert, so this is what I think we should do right now. As much as I don't want to do this because there's other stuff. I need to go deliver something. I think I go deliver that I grab. Do you have wrapping paper?
Speaker B: Probably.
Speaker A: Okay, so I'll get that too. Then I think I should go get two box. I have to make a delivery. So I go do that. I get two boxes, and I come to your house with wrapping paper and. Or you see if you got wrapping paper before. And then. And then. And then we stream on Instagram wrapping the boxes and dropping them off at Amaranth and Ginza.
