Speaker A: What up belong?
Speaker B: What are you doing?
Speaker A: That's dog park Belonging Society likes to.
Speaker B: Park at dogs now.
Speaker A: Get the. Go get the toy.
Speaker B: It's like ever since yesterday.
Speaker A: Yeah. All of a sudden. Hey, no. What up?
Speaker B: So I know we sent out all those emails and stuff and now we're just kind of playing the waiting game and everything, right? No, no, no, no, no.
Speaker A: So the emails is the coolest little jab that we throw out there. And yeah, sure, we're waiting to hear responses on that, but we're not just playing waiting game. That's how we lose.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: We need to be proactively shooting more out there.
Speaker B: Right, Right. Well, that was the next go. Conversation is we kind of got all the gears in motion now and we've gotten a fair amount of things knocked off the old list. What's the next.
Speaker A: We need content and we don't need the same Santa Claus come to Ginza that you guys made four videos of that. I don't know how you guys visualizing the same.
Speaker B: Hold on. Did you see the one ninja against that thing? I said it's like a sushi dude and he's got a samurai sword and there's like a. Like he like pulls the samurai sword out, the sushi falls apart. Cut. And then he does some like Naruto and symbols and a puff of smoke and the on the plate and it's like, that's cool.
Speaker A: That's AB for Ginza, not the kickback.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, I know, I know.
Speaker A: And. And I. And I don't know. We can't post four videos of Santa Claus going come to Ginza for the holidays.
Speaker B: Right? Yeah, yeah, I know.
Speaker A: Okay, so we need some variety. And.
Speaker B: And we need something other than just the AI videos as well.
Speaker A: A thousand percent or we lose our authenticity.
Speaker B: Yeah, right. Maybe. AI.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: So why don't we do a video where you take me shopping to find the next thing we're gonna smoke out of this season.
Speaker A: I don't understand.
Speaker B: Like, we did a pumpkin. We smoked a turkey.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: We got a spiral Honey Baked Man. We're gonna drop a banger. And I like it.
Speaker A: Cook it first though.
Speaker B: Yeah, right. Why does the can of kid fit?
Speaker A: What happened to the rip the candle kid?
Speaker B: You know?
Speaker A: I know. It's toy driver raising money for the can of kids funeral expenses. He needs a stomach pumped and.
Speaker B: Figure into a box. No doubt of a Power Ranger.
Speaker A: Could be candy cane. I might have thick enough candy cane. We'd have to be able to drill a hole through it.
Speaker B: Or what if I Smell kind of a cinnamon roll.
Speaker A: You could do that. We could do a whole bunch of different shit.
Speaker B: You just got a bunch of laid out like a pumpkin, and I just casually take hits off of everything.
Speaker A: Hell, yeah.
Speaker B: That sounds like one piece of content. And then I got the day off today, but I gotta see if today is a half day for the kids.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, check that out, because I forgot to get your cricket and. But I may need to. Well, I have the one cutter, and so I was gonna hopefully try to test it, and then I wouldn't need.
Speaker B: The cricket, and then I shouldn't. Probably I'll have to pick up my kids because I guess my mom's brother's in town.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: From like, Georgia or something weird like that. Okay. You know, he's like the VP for, like, Coleman Grills or something stupid like that.
Speaker A: Oh, are we gonna. We barbecuing?
Speaker B: Yeah, no, he says we can. He said let us know. He'll give us the industrial discount.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: Maybe we even hate it. We do like smoking with smokers.
Speaker A: Let's see how we can rig this Coleman Grill up. Take it down.
Speaker B: What company does Jeff work for? Char Broil.
Speaker A: Or they do coal?
Speaker B: Yeah, they do. They do everything.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker B: All right, well, I was gonna say, you know, around.
Speaker A: Well, I guess figure out the half day thing.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, hold on. I can do that right now. Actually, it's on the refrigerator. What month is it? November.
Speaker A: It is the 12th. It'd be crazy if there's a half day the day after holiday.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, the next one is on the 19th next week. Yeah, Right. So we're fair game.
Speaker A: All right, well, I was going to be here for, like, 30 minutes to an hour and. Well, probably not an hour. And then. And then I have, like, a list of I got to get done.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, just let me know.
Speaker A: Part of it is kickback, so, like, brainstorm some more content stuff.
Speaker B: Yep, yep, yep.
Speaker A: All right, I'll hit you up.
