Speaker A: What up?
Speaker B: I was just. I was doing some numbers, right? About the homesteading thing.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: About us giving, like if we'd have like filter, get dropped off kind of deal.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And that would be like five bills per ten skewed cubic foot.
Speaker A: Yeah. Why wouldn't we just load up the trailer and then just do it little by little?
Speaker B: Right, right, right. That's what I was getting at is like we can sit there and hit up foods and get free filter.
Speaker A: Yeah. We're gonna do all of this ourselves.
Speaker B: I'm ready to pay our damn selves somebody else. So now I was just kind of more specifically getting an idea of like swatches, you know what I'm saying? Like Paris sectors that we'd be working with kind of deal.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: And just get like size gauges. Because if we, if, if we do it like 10 cubic foot by. Or 10 foot by 10 foot, you know, Because I guess the cubic feet doesn't really matter because the up and down will differentiate based on the slope of the hill. Right. But. And then we look up like how many cactus we can fit into a 10 by 10.
Speaker A: Right, right.
Speaker B: Or something along the lines of that. And then like we make these like 10 foot by 10 foot grids and then we plant them out and then we will fucking start the next grid kind of deal.
Speaker A: I gotcha.
Speaker B: So that was just, you know, weird stuff that I was thinking about as I was dropping my kids off kind of deal.
Speaker A: Okay, Right on.
Speaker B: And then what other kind of list crossing can we do for the Okina kickback? We can definitely. So don't you got a gang of empty boxes that we can start making into toy drive boxes?
Speaker A: Yes, we have boxes.
Speaker B: Right. Oh. Oh. All right. All right. Now that my juicies are flowing. Right.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Are we gonna order some custom wrapping paper?
Speaker A: I don't. I don't think so. Only because there's other stuff to do.
Speaker B: Right. Because I was gonna say if we did that, we would have to do.
Speaker A: That now if we could.
Speaker B: Right. And then at very least, like, we'll wrap the giveaway prizes in that wrapping paper. But it's wrapping paper that. So next. Next thing on the list, we'll put that on. If we get the other shit knocked out of the way in a time limiter, then we'll think about it.
Speaker A: Yeah, but there's like lead time, so we're like three weeks out. So I mean, if something has two week lead time, it has to be done today, right?
Speaker B: Or within this work week.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: And then with that being said, a Sweat swag swag. You know we're gonna have to order T shirts and stuff. Oh, oh, oh, hey, and do we want to press T shirts on site on the 21st?
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker B: Because he can. He said he would throw us electricity.
Speaker A: Again.
Speaker B: But I mean that. Sorry, that was kind of a wild air. But now let's go. Let's stick with the blow dot glass and flipping the there. We already got, we ain't got time.
Speaker A: I mean we got close.
Speaker B: But so are we gonna have any kind of custom kickback swag and or have like a designated elf outfit?
Speaker A: No, I'm a designated elf outfit because who the are the elves even? And what is that? And then.
Speaker B: Well, so far it's just low Asian.
Speaker A: She has her own health outfit and.
Speaker B: She'S got her own.
Speaker A: Or, or did she wear. I think she's got her own.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, yeah, she has her own. She's got health gears and all that. Weird.
Speaker A: Yeah. You know she like plays D and D and stuff.
Speaker B: Yeah. So. All right, well I guess I'll just message her and be like, hey, if you got a friend that wants to be enough too, that'd be cool to have two elves. Other than that, I think it's just going to be you hanging with can clock this year.
Speaker A: Yeah. And then I think we have a small elf outfit if she, if her friend's small.
Speaker B: Right. And so yeah, so we'll throw that aside. That's pretty check marked. And then do we want to have like event specific swag or any of that kind of stuff?
Speaker A: It's never done well in the past.
Speaker B: I think the wellest thing done was the hats. The event specific hats.
Speaker A: I guess. I, I, I'm gonna be straight up with you. I think I don't. The only thing we sold in that booth that year was the trapper passes at the door. Like all the shirts I made were for people who bought trapper pens.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So that, and that's just. We have maybe five people that will just buy whatever because, and, but they all did want the event thing on the back of whatever they picked. So I don't know. Maybe. But I'm gonna tell you this. We did kickback four and five and I have a stack of both of those DTS still. All right, so that's, that's that. So I mean, so I think we.
Speaker B: Should stray away from the event specific swag. Just do the ultra cool logos.
Speaker A: I think if it's event specific, we low key pre press and we go. Okay, we're gonna Do a dozen, or we're gonna do 24 of them, right?
Speaker B: Be like, hey, we only have 10 shirts and this size. And then selling for this. That's what it is. All right, sounds good. So other than that, we'll just be reordering popular prints.
Speaker A: Really? I mean, are there popular prints? That's kind of my point.
Speaker B: Like, Meowana seems to be talked about a lot. The. The dope with droopy on it. Well, I guess it doesn't really matter. I need to make a Santa torch shop for it too.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker B: So. So I guess we'll kind of fill it out and we'll just. Well, I'll talk to Dom or whatever, and we'll just create, like, a deadline for wanting to order the prints. Right. That seem more effective.
Speaker A: What would you say?
Speaker B: Well, just like, I'll talk to Dom and be like, hey, the deadline, the ordering, the swag is this day. So if you want anything specific, you gotta make it. Let Frankie, though.
Speaker A: No, I think you should be more collaborative instead of like, here's the deadline. You want some? Get it done. Yeah, well, I mean, you don't have any input. You're just cracking a whip.
Speaker B: Well, I thought we were just gonna do the popular prints, but according to you, we don't have popular prints. So now I'm at a lot.
Speaker A: We don't really sell, so it's kind of hard to say X, Y, or Z is popular. I mean, the only person who buys is Bong Blazer. Like, we did all those special Ks, and then we. We got them got on their live and whatnot, and there's interest and not a single trigger pull, right?
Speaker B: A lot of. Oh, yeah, that's cool. But I'm not a single in my.
Speaker A: Wallet, so, I mean, that's. Now, granted, you know, it's just a matter of the goal. And if the goal is to really convert those people, then there could be more effort done there. But, you know, if there's no.
Speaker B: So I guess the biggest move now is advertisement.
Speaker A: Yep. Now, I've been on content.
Speaker B: Content, content, content, content.
Speaker A: That's all we got, right?
Speaker B: That's the biggest thing, making sure people show up now.
Speaker A: Well, we need to. People need to know now. The lady from Sojourner said she's down to be on camera next week.
Speaker B: All right, we can do a little.
Speaker A: But we have to go to Sojourner Center.
Speaker B: Jesus.
Speaker A: Well, I think it's only like, 10 minutes from my house.
Speaker B: I'm over here. Like.
Speaker A: Let me see. She said next week. I'm free Wednesday Afternoon or Friday before 3pm I would be open more as well if it was possible to meet our sojourner center. We probably want sooner than later on that one. Right, right. So Wednesday, but you don't know your schedule. I mean, I guess I could roll over there by myself.
Speaker B: I never work with this. No.
Speaker A: All right. Well, if that's the case, Tom's pretty disillusioned by Trapper at this point.
Speaker B: Why?
Speaker A: Well, because, you know, he's been doing it for a couple years, and like I said, we only sell the Bong Blazer, so it's kind of like, how long do you beat your head on the wall with? No, it makes sense to me.
Speaker B: Oh, we got. We got a couple. We got those polo orders. Kane's been waiting on them shirts. It seems like we're focused more on, like, the one off custom.
Speaker A: Oh, that seems to be what belongo. That seems to be what people want.
Speaker B: Right. Like, we got these generics that we're pushing them out, but our main goal is to reach out to the individual and be like, hey.
Speaker A: Yeah, how many of those can you do? And how do you properly facilitate that? How do you scale it so it's not just like one every now and then?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: And then, like, it takes what, three people to do that for? Whatever.
Speaker B: Yeah, you need 12 people having a couple of custom T shirts. Not trying to bolt. Sell 12 T shirts, one person.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, we never try to bulk sell 12 to one person. We won't make any money. Like, T shirts are super competitive. And where we're at in the supply chain, you got. It's kind of high cost. And then. So then you gotta, you know, you gotta make low margin or tax somebody. And since it's super competitive, you can't really get away with taxing somebody unless there's some kind of other value associated with it. And either that's like, on the design or something, but when you're getting this.
Speaker B: Directly from hands, we're literally middle minute and middleman.
Speaker A: I mean, that's pretty much the game. Any of these hustles that are, like, blown up and there's everybody and their mom on the Internet's doing it. That's. That's it. Right. Like, there's people positioned behind them that are selling them the supplies, and those are the people making money. Unless you pop off on tick tock or something. Right. Which then that's content driven. And then also not only content driven could be based a lot on the design. Right? So when you try to put a logo on There and sell a logo. Like who the wants that? Right? Like it's got to be a cool looking logo or something. And then also if they're not attached to it, it's got to be cheap or it's got to have some kind of something fabric or like it's just regular old gilded with a print on it. And everybody and they, oh yeah, you can't play everybody and they mama is printing. Like that's just super competitive. So one or two here and there for three people involved on the production side, like that's like lost every time. Get what I'm saying? You with me? Hello.
Speaker B: I just, Sorry, I didn't realize I was muted. I'm all like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Oh yeah. So I don't know. So really it's like a. If it sustains through the next year, it's got, there's got to be some real thought and strategy and execution that happens. Otherwise it just is what it is forever.
Speaker B: Right. So. And then this is like my whole, I guess, mental thing, right. Is like we got the can crew and we're running the can of crew and we're doing all these side hustles and people are aware of the can crew, but they're not necessarily always a privy to the side hustle. Right. Example like the print shop junkies and stuff like that, you know, like.
Speaker A: Is there anything other than that?
Speaker B: Well, Trapper name. And we're doing the print shop and then we're trying to do the blow down glass kind of deal and then we're trying to do like the online media stuff stuff for people. After we left, it all just gets.
Speaker A: Half effort, we get half results and then burnt out.
Speaker B: Right, right, right.
Speaker A: That's, you know, it's cyclical every time.
Speaker B: Right. And. But we're getting, I think we're getting more to the point and where the fact that we're like, all right, we got more of a better understanding of can of crew. Yes. We got these side hustles going on, whatever. But we're putting the energy into the community stuff now. And then we're. We just need to be better at action, the peripheral stuff. And then also like, I think the biggest thing too, you know, is. And we keep going back on this one, media content, quality, consistency, ghost production.
Speaker A: And for each one of those little things you mentioned, they all mean the same level of that.
Speaker B: Right, right.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And also they all, they need all of that.
Speaker A: Yep. All of that at the same frequency. Consistency, whatever.
Speaker B: Yeah. Same energy, same passion, same frequency. Yeah.
Speaker A: Otherwise they're all half cocked.
Speaker B: Right, right, right. Unless you. Yeah. You're the guy with a bunch of million dollar ideas with. No.
Speaker A: Which is about where we're at.
Speaker B: But we're. I think I. I know I say this like at least once a year, but Frankie, we're on the press.
Speaker A: You know what I think we need to do is kind of just focus on, like a couple things.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, we need to find that one thing. Hyper beam.
Speaker A: It's like when you play pinochle. You ever play pinochle?
Speaker B: So you, either way, you slide the coin on the table.
Speaker A: No, there's no coins. It's a card game. You ever played spades?
Speaker B: Oh, I was like, is this the one where you get up knuckles?
Speaker A: No. Oh, what is that?
Speaker B: Well, there's two. One of them just drank knuckles, where you slap your knuckles and then quarters.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Sliding the coin into the nugget.
Speaker A: So it's like. It's card game. And you go buy suits and one and you got to go. You know, it's high card based on the suit or whatever, and everyone takes a turn. Right. Well, the thing is, if you go, you try a heart and then a diamond and then a club and then a spade. Right. You're like shotgun. You spread out all over and you never go through one whole suit. And the way you play the game is laser beam focus. You do one and you run it to the ground and then you go to the next one. Right. So shotgun spray versus laser beam.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Or I guess you could go bird shot versus buckshot.
Speaker B: I think this is my concept. And then we're kind of leaning towards it, but then we, you know, got busy with the can of kickback. Just the laser focus on the every booth. And then it's not just champion show because a lot of stuff comes with it type deal.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like Dom wanted to do, like, local events, like.
Speaker B: Right, right, right, exactly. That whole getting in there, filming the. That's going on. Getting as much as the individual experience with the companies, you know, and giving that to the people.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: And because two things, you know, little robots, movie, find me feeling it. Right. Even ourselves, like, we're a small business and we struggle with X, Y and Z. And it's really dope when certain people and. Or companies are able to with us, I. E. Like McKay or chill pipe, you know, if it gives a different feel to how you function as a company. Right. And so. And then other companies have responded to us back at that same energy. Man, nobody's even talked to us at this show kind of deal. And so, I mean, people are telling us without the formula, we're starting to do it. We were starting to do it. Now we need to keep that down to where science, it's hyper focused and then we can move on to the other. But I definitely think it like we're gonna be out there at the 21st. Right. I'm gonna ask Maggie if I can get that day off.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And let's get the camera equipment. Let's do the same thing.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: And see what happens kind of deal.
Speaker A: What. What about content for the kickback?
Speaker B: So off top we can recycle some old content. You know, that's just last year kind of deal. It's happening again. Like that's real generic content. Still frame flyers, the pen, that piece of content.
Speaker A: Hey, so look at this. I'm gonna show you something. This is like right on that vibe. You were harnessing Bolani on the same move.
Speaker B: I can. Unless you gotta do no.
Speaker A: All that got hungry.
Speaker B: So I can make an image in grox. Make it long press it.
Speaker A: On X. Oh, it has to be NX image in your feed. You long press it and turn into a video. So I still think the one little podcast thing is good. Obviously we do less of them, but I still think we should probably talk about that. Especially because we got a Sojourners person on the hook, which we thought was. Which was one of the things that was up in the air with the original plan, but we got that. So maybe three or four, you know, instead of eight or six hyper focus. Think about who we want on there. I think the pop box is good. Although we probably won't get the Sojourners person in the hot box.
Speaker B: Oh, what hot box?
Speaker A: Like if we did a hot box for the set, like in a whip.
Speaker B: Oh, with hot boxes to join her.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That'd be clowning. But I guess we could roll up and ask her have two plant b.
Speaker B: Smoke.
Speaker A: Well, not even. Just like, why don't you get in here in the passenger seat while we smoke? And then that would be. That would be funny, right? It could be funny. Stop. Oh, she got a ball.
Speaker B: All right, so I started the tik tok, right? Candy kid. AI.
Speaker A: Oh, you did?
Speaker B: Yeah, I posted two videos.
Speaker A: Yeah. And I'm also sure that.
Speaker B: Two things. They. They definitely. When they see other watermarks, they intentionally don't they know it's AI. They also intentionally.
Speaker A: I'm trying to Hunter.
Speaker B: That's what I would notice.
Speaker A: Hold on, Gillette. All right, what's up? Hello. Hey, come Here. Yeah, seems like it's. It. It's a good spot to sniff. You still playing if you don't know.
Speaker B: Like gas.
Speaker A: You good? Go drink water. Drink water. Go water. Come on. Go ahead. Go. Go water. Oh, that ain't it. Dude. Come on. I missed the last thing you sent Gilbert. All right, well, I got it on black. I guess we can read.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, I remember. They don't. They don't distribute your. When they know for a fact it's AI.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. That's kind of what I was it also.
Speaker B: And stuff has water.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. You yourself twice right there.
Speaker B: One would say the pooch has been sexually assaulted.
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Not only that, you're Canid A. Yeah.
Speaker B: Right. So two things pay for 200amonth. So I'm getting old watermark.
Speaker A: And if you think you're gonna change the name. Yeah, you think or just start a whole new account, bro. Just n that one.
Speaker B: But I also have figured out ways to get out of ghosting. And also they've been changing their content policy hell out.
Speaker A: Oh, well, they got new owners.
Speaker B: Like stuff that wasn't getting flagged. Now all of a sudden it's getting flagged. And then also stuff that's been pre existing on my feed is all of a sudden not getting fed out.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, they got. They changed ownership. I mean.
Speaker B: Oh, Bite Dance doesn't own it in any way.
Speaker A: No, the guy from Oracle, Larry Ellison.
Speaker B: God damn it. I wanted the Chinese to have it.
Speaker A: Well, it's a different game when the Chinese on it, I guess. Or Singapore, right?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Those Singaporeans were cool at first.
Speaker A: Wow. It's just a different game. All right, let me hit you back when I get tomorrow.
Speaker B: Yeah.
