Speaker A: Yeah. What's the game plan for today?
Speaker B: Well, you just sent three emails to dispensaries. I have a DM for Special K that we should send.
Speaker A: What was the other thing?
Speaker B: Oh, we need to make. I need pictures and videos from kickback from the ovals. Then also Cannockickback.com is live right now. I'm about to hang up my clothes.
Speaker A: Right. I gotta put in a.
Speaker B: Huh?
Speaker A: I said I gotta put in the laundry, though, too. Yeah, I got that.
Speaker B: I just did finished my weeds, so that's good because it's supposed to get really cold this weekend and rain.
Speaker A: Like.
Speaker B: It'S Gonna go from 84 to 68 this weekend, and then there's supposed to be half inch of rain in the valley, so that'll be nice. Are your kids off today?
Speaker A: Yeah, something like that. Some sort of weird holiday. Yeah. Be careful, dude. It.
Speaker C: Oh, my.
Speaker A: Your heart is racing. Is beeping too much. Is it beeping every day? He says right here.
Speaker B: Beeping.
Speaker A: Yeah, your heart's beeping.
Speaker C: Boop, boop, boop.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So yesterday when you left, Right. Sleepy and Bong Blazer was in there, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So I was like, hey, you know, I'm just gonna apprise you guys on what me and Frankie have been working on with the can of kickback. It's Blaze, guys. Zero.
Speaker B: They probably have low confidence in the event.
Speaker A: Yeah, you're telling me. Lame.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, Bong Blazer been chumping up a bit for a minute.
Speaker A: Dave, get the.
Speaker B: In the house. Get in the house. Get in the house.
Speaker A: Well, yeah. What Bon Blazer. But yeah, everybody's been kind of lazy this year, so I could tell why you guys kept it close to your chest.
Speaker B: That's what he said.
Speaker A: Yeah, because I was like, hey, you know, I know you guys think that we haven't progressed anything whatsoever towards the kickback, but eventually.
Speaker B: Yeah, they probably. I mean, Bonglijou for sure probably likes to be part of the planning.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: It makes it feel like his event too.
Speaker A: And then I don't know if we're gonna be able to do that one event at the disco.
Speaker B: Which one?
Speaker A: Well, the one Kylo is Kayla or whatever the it's going. Because I asked for all that event details and what to do when the show up and how to show up. And she sent the group text with the dude that was coordinating it. Dude didn't bother to.
Speaker B: He hasn't said anything in there.
Speaker A: Yeah. So I'll just go in there today and just be like, here. We still on for this event?
Speaker B: When is that supposed to be the 21st.
Speaker A: Oh, okay.
Speaker C: It.
Speaker A: This Trapper AI Bong Glazer.
Speaker B: Yeah. That is crazy throwing in the east side.
Speaker A: And I'll be honest, it doesn't really. It looks like it doesn't really.
Speaker B: I don't think you should attack Bong Glazer. I think you should just let our imagination.
Speaker C: But yeah, you're like, this is you, buddy.
Speaker A: He's like, is it?
Speaker B: Is it really?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: You know what I was thinking? We should go through and find every famous person that's got their cameo thing on Sora and use them in our.
Speaker A: Videos to promote the K. Yeah, like Logan Paul, man. Logan Paul kickback.
Speaker B: Yeah, go do like interviews with them. Yeah, I'll do with Logan Paul.
Speaker A: I love it. Where you know who's there? What's that one? Dude, that's a Shark tank. Mark Rubin.
Speaker B: Mark Cuban. Yeah, we'll do him too.
Speaker A: This is perhaps the best investment I've ever seen. Oh, now we can straight up be Sharker.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. Shark Day. Yeah, yeah, let's do it. I've been seeing a lot of the high frequency stuff or the anti polyester content like more and more and more and I don't interact with it. So I think it's just coming up. I think more people are making it. Which makes me wonder if I could sell wool boxers. Like, would someone pay $30 for the best pair of underwear they ever had?
Speaker A: I mean, I didn't, but.
Speaker B: When I asked other people, they were like, you, you're crazy. It's like I spent $2 on six pairs. Like, good God, you hate yourself or what? Please. Forgot a magic in.
Speaker A: All right, well I sent that out for the custom pinates.
Speaker B: It's a holiday too, so I don't know if we'll hear back from disclose.
Speaker A: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I forgot. It's the holiday. Yeah, but why the are my kids here and then I gotta go to work at 4:00 today.
Speaker B: Oh, work.
Speaker A: But it's Tuesday, so like we. I can do work there. Like you can come through and we can around So I still say you come to the room because I really don't do on Tuesdays. I mean I hang out, watch tv. Well, I guess if you we can do some early work and if you got to go pick up your mom at 3 anyways, it works out. Arthur, are you waiting for your Tetris to load here? Want me to reset the Internet.
Speaker B: That goes to Christmas hash?
Speaker A: Hey, I'm gonna go reset the Internet for you, dude. All right.
Speaker B: All right. Clothes are hung up. Come on, my boy.
Speaker C: You get that kitty boy? Damn, that 70.
Speaker B: Why would you send me less than half? But the times must be rough. Are you trying to get weed or how? What's going on?
Speaker A: I can't get weed. Let me check my bank right now.
Speaker B: They think you are.
Speaker A: Well, I said I was, but I get paid tonight.
Speaker B: Okay, well, I have all their money.
Speaker A: And then I just got to send you. What? How much?
Speaker B: 120 if you want the QP.
Speaker C: 112.
Speaker B: 120 if you want the QP.
Speaker A: Oh, 120. All right, let me check right now because I do get paid tonight. And if I got. If I got over 120.
Speaker C: What the.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Turn off the TV and restart it. Oh, the Internet's getting up. The Internet's not working, dude. Yeah, it happens so much.
Speaker B: Starlink. How much you pay for Internet? Over 120. Yeah, Starlink, yo, straight up.
Speaker A: That's what I was talking. But my parents got such a hard on for Elon Musk. They're like, he's a criminal.
Speaker B: They won't use his product that you actually need. You know, I really hate Bill Gates, but I have a Windows 11 laptop, you know what I mean? Because it works with Adobe and I can't afford a Mac, so. I mean, there's not a lot of choices there.
Speaker A: The battery was flipped over.
Speaker C: Yeah, you crazy.
Speaker B: Dave's crazy. All right, I'm gonna do. I'm gonna put a update in here. Let me actually verify that we sent those emails. Oh, yeah. So now my robot will do. Oh, man. I got it set up right now. It's kind of.
Speaker A: So they're saying you got to spend 500 bucks a month or more on cash app to start getting their benefits of borrowing money and stuff and.
Speaker B: Yeah, you don't do that.
Speaker A: I don't know. It's something new. I've never seen it before. Maybe I've never paid attention to it.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, it's definitely amounts. And then the more you spend, the more you get. Like, they just increased mine.
Speaker A: Oh.
Speaker B: What happened?
Speaker A: Over one. Over two. One, two. Oh, dude, if you don't understand Tetris, don't play.
Speaker C: I don't understand. Dad, look at this.
Speaker A: Yeah, you have to form lines going left to right. Not up and down, dude. Right?
Speaker C: No, I'm not playing. I'm gonna back out. I'm gonna back out.
Speaker A: I don't know, dude.
Speaker C: My stuff came out. No, I did it. I did it. I placed a box.
Speaker B: It.
Speaker A: Yeah. And now you're finally growing it back.
Speaker C: Eli.
Speaker A: Worry. How can I ever forget it the first time?
Speaker C: No, I know the reason why you kept your feelings.
Speaker A: Damn.
Speaker B: Am I really gonna do. You kept your mama up. All right. Ordered.
Speaker A: All right. Hey, because Bomb Blazer was really kind of trying to the flex on me yesterday. He was like, so, you know, we already gave Frankie our money, so. Are you in it?
Speaker B: Be grin at people walking by, homie. What the are you doing?
Speaker A: I just saw this side by side, and I just realized Peach and Misty are wearing the same outfit.
Speaker B: Is that content or did you just make that up?
Speaker A: No, no, no. I, I, I scrolled across it in the 90s nostalgia feed, and it's a side by side with Misty and Chicken Shawn, and they literally. Red suspenders, yellow crop top.
Speaker B: Is, you know, is that why, Is that, Is that why Brock really liked Misty? Because Brock was lit, right? Like, we can all agree that Brock was high as.
Speaker A: Yeah, he was peak. It was Pokemon's master, bro.
Speaker B: Hey, yeah, that's real. But.
Speaker A: And every woman you've seen, he's like, you know, hotter than the next one. It's like, but we're all twins. Can't wait to see your sister.
Speaker B: Right? Right. Oh, I just seen there's a competing event with ours already on December 6th. Yeah.
Speaker A: What is it?
Speaker B: Ladies night for Misha's goods. Oh, it's ladies night.
Speaker A: Haven't we worked with you before?
Speaker B: Yeah, they did the the bongs last year.
Speaker A: All right, so they really don't like us that much.
Speaker B: No, we really haven't told anybody that much. Like, how fuck would they even know?
Speaker A: Because it's a sixth annual event that we have at the same time every year.
Speaker B: Yeah, but they've only been to one.
Speaker A: Coincidence? I think not.
Speaker B: They only start coming around last year. It's all right. I don't know. Nipple piercings through the shirt is crazy.
Speaker A: Hold on, hold on.
Speaker B: Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Speaker A: What do I need to look at?
Speaker B: I'm gonna text you, all right.
Speaker A: I feel as though I'm gonna be upset. No, but also, I gotta see.
Speaker B: Not at all. Not at all. It's. It's a weird thing.
Speaker C: This is on your FYP. Chances are you're over 40, dad bod. Maybe a beard. And.
Speaker A: Well, she is inaccurate about the statistics. No.
Speaker B: 100. 100. I didn' hear it with sound. I just like, yo, what the hell?
Speaker A: She's like, if I pop up on your for you page, you're probably over 40, and with the dad Bob, and I'm your type.
Speaker B: Two out of three.
Speaker A: All right. Hey, is this HC Quality Court Senator stuff or something?
Speaker B: I don't know what he said.
Speaker A: Bro. I'm always trying to get into any giveaway I can. Trying to build up stock right now so I can do even more stuff like that too. I want to run giveaways often on my account, and I plan on running collab giveaways with all my connected artists like Mason. Let's just do it.
Speaker B: All right, cool. I mean, all I did was give him some kind of pitch. I literally took the screenshot, put in the robot, was like, how do I turn this around on him?
Speaker A: Right, right, right. I just put like that. Whenever you're ready. Ready. Just let us know. Yeah.
Speaker B: Tell them when the day, the event. If my message that I ever say was the sixth.
Speaker A: No, sorry, I have a hard time texting and listening. All right, bet. Whenever you are ready, let us know. And we have that event happening on December 6th. If you're trying to jump aboard, let's go.
Speaker B: I know he was just in discord and he was like, yo, I got these things and we're switching some up, so if any of anybody needs a 14 millimeter banger, just hit us up and I'll give you the can of crew discount. I was like, all right. And then I went and I found him on Instagram and followed him and then posted a little screenshot of him saying that.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: And then he hit me up. We should use the chat GPT robot agent and comment. All right, hold on.
Speaker A: And then I just messaged Cindy back because she replied to the event, you know, like, yo, you guys still need me.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And I said, damn skippy. And I. And then I sent her all the event details. December 6th. Go King, Arizona.
Speaker B: All right, today is 11 11. The emails got sent this morning. We're about to DM Special K. Can you go ahead and CPK General what all we need to get done today.
Speaker A: And lucky, depending on how much I get paid. Right. Oh, so what is it? That's. Never mind. I was gonna say we should go to. Well, I guess we should go to Zablas and at least scrape up on, because I know we ain't gonna have enough blunts and like that.
Speaker B: No, you know, there's a real easy way around that. There's a real easy way around that. Bring byow.
Speaker A: That's real.
Speaker B: Like, nobody who says we gotta. And then.
Speaker A: What we do is an advertisement. Be like, feel free to bring your own devices for free samples. Right.
Speaker B: We already sent the design for the to the person. Yeah, we have two or we have three locations for toy boxes that need to be delivered. And it is Ginza Fancy Pets. And then there's a toy store in AJ Called Amaranth. Greek Glass sent us a small box of goods to put in the gift boxes.
Speaker A: Did you get a look at them yet?
Speaker B: Say pictures are to come soon. And then ask people some questions about their input.
Speaker A: You know what I was thinking, Frankie?
Speaker B: What?
Speaker A: Because, like, Kelly fell off the trampoline the other day, right? And himself up, right? Yeah. And this trampoline's all up. And a lot of. I mean, a lot of the. I wonder how many free trampoline frames we can get, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And then we build a fat ass raised bed for worms out of that, right?
Speaker B: Well, we don't want to do a worm raised bed. We want to do it in the ground.
Speaker A: I mean, you know what I'm saying? Using it as some sort of frame structure. And then we get the pallet. You know what I'm saying? Seal off the sidewalls. Or what if it's a giant compost and mulch, then. But because, like, they're rounded and they're framed, and then we could just easily slap some pallets around it kind of deal. So that's what all I was thinking, like, was as much free that we can get to repurposing. Why don't you guys get dressed? So just something weird I was thinking about.
Speaker B: Okay. Hey, Cat. All right. The Ghost of Christmas Past is about to post in this Ghost of Christmas hashtag, ow, Ow. Walker. This guy needs a nail cut.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. And then what are we. What are we gonna do with the. Are you just gonna add some, like, text layering on that cartoon?
Speaker B: What cartoon?
Speaker A: That claimation I made.
Speaker B: I don't know. I didn't really think about anything.
Speaker A: I want to generate some more on. I'm trimming on Sora right now.
Speaker B: Try the bot.
Speaker A: Yeah, I want to try that bot. What do I do? What do I do?
Speaker B: I DM'd you the link on Discord.
Speaker A: You know what? That'll get so dope if they get it as close to the Christmas ornament we gave them as possible, you know? Yeah.
Speaker C: Damn, baby. Is that a keg in your pocket? Like, 206 bones in the body. You want to make 207. Are you Duncan Hines?
Speaker A: Chat GPT. Quinn.
Speaker B: What happened?
Speaker A: Is it the Q U I, N, N the. Quinn.
Speaker B: Quinn. Yeah.
Speaker A: The error occurred. Please try again later. Holy.
Speaker B: This actually, Quinn didn't work.
Speaker A: No. You know, it so. And when do we get him a. A samurai sword, if you will, for telling.
Speaker C: For Christmas.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: It's not the wisest idea, but, you know, whatever. It's getting done. But this is what I was thinking, right? If I don't let him use it, he's always gonna want to use it. Right? So I want to get one of those little fucking. Maybe get those, like, straw mats or something like that so he can hang out in the backyard, chop shit. Supervised.
Speaker B: A straw mat.
Speaker A: They're like these straw bats that are soaked with water.
Speaker B: Oh, bats, mats.
Speaker A: M A T s. When you chop them. Yeah. They get chopped.
Speaker B: What about some Fruit Ninja?
Speaker A: Some what?
Speaker B: Fruit Ninja.
Speaker A: Yeah. We go and buy all a bunch of expired fruits.
Speaker B: Yeah. You just. We're composting, Right.
Speaker A: I'm not mad at it.
Speaker B: For when the bug man.
Speaker A: Oh, yo, I got it. We get one of those baseball machines.
Speaker B: And shoot, like, oranges or something.
Speaker A: Yeah. Adam. And he's gotta sit there, stand at a distance.
Speaker B: That Sounds like a YouTube video, right?
Speaker A: Like, mess around. I'll get in there, and then I'll just make them fucking watch videos about how to take care of it and what to do and what not to do.
Speaker B: Now, you know what you do is you're like, you can have this.
Speaker A: This.
Speaker B: Doesn't it sound amazing? A fruit launcher. You can slice with a katana. Like, what kid has that? Here's the caveat. You and your brother have to build it, and we're gonna get all the parts, and we'll put everything together. Y' all gotta build it, and then you can have it. That's why I don't have kids. They'd have nothing. They'd be like.
Speaker A: Like. But you could have everything. Maybe you had be.
Speaker B: Just do it. You'll have it. When I was a kid, I used to go and try to smash or, like, I'd find, oh, broken computers or TVs or whatever. And I always fantasized about getting all the circuit boards and, like, you know. Know.
Speaker A: Elon Musk in it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I was like that. Less about electronic stuff and more about, like, Earth. Yeah. Like, if I could just build a wall right here and put a little. A dot. You know what I'm saying? You know, I was like. My mind was on, like, big city engineering. Like, I had a Dre build a wall around the ranch where two golf carts can drive side by side. Have, like, a giant hacienda complex.
Speaker B: Yeah. Like a compound in Mexico.
Speaker A: All right, well, that shit's dope. You know, the fucking giant Squared off fortress wall with the fucking entrance in the front and the exit in the back. But like, like everybody lives there. The market's there, like their own ecosystem. And like, sure, yeah, you can. That other hacienda, they're really good at that. So, you know, we can still mob over, you know, engage with the other market kind of deal.
Speaker B: You gotta go to the wood. That's not on the case at.
Speaker A: So I don't know.
Speaker B: Why would you. Why would you only ever stay in your hacienda? No, I'm saying you got to go find exotic Kate. All right, I better leave. You see the ghost of Christmas Hash. Oh, yeah. I gotta borrow your cricket just in.
Speaker A: Case I can't get my thing.
Speaker C: It. It's.
Speaker B: Where did I see this? There it is. I searched. I've already reached out to the brand ship next week. If I haven't responded to the brand.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: Yo, what kind of sound is this.
Speaker C: It Sam, it's.
Speaker B: What's up kittens? Any corrective lenses? He's got a little cross eye thing going on.
Speaker A: It.
Speaker C: Sarah.
Speaker A: Oh, if this comes out good. I'm also trying to push the limits on Sora. I mean, not too crazy because like I'm also using chat GPT with the prompt work, right? So like they just won't get wild with the language. I really don't like this noir assassin that it keeps giving me though. I need to change that.
Speaker C: Sh. It. It's. Here's Sam.
Speaker B: It.
Speaker A: What about Claude, Right? Hear me out. Can cloud like assess data on other stuff. Like can I have it like read my prompt and tell me if this like is too many characters or whatever like that, like say I put a prompt into Sora and stuff. Then I have like Claude look at it and I'm like, hey, can I add more characters to this? You know what I'm saying? Or would I have to do it different way? Goodbye, dad. Dude, it's right time to kill up, you know. It was.
Speaker B: You crazy cat. Yo.
Speaker A: What'S up, dude? I know you're upset. I'm sorry, dude. Hey, Frank and Byron, come over. I need you guys dressed. You guys are gonna have to watch me long. All right? I'm really getting in it with this storage right now. It's delightful. I want to pay the $200 so bad. Like I straight up want to drop the two bills, start a full account on Tick Tock and immediately go into making trail.
Speaker B: What's it going to be about? And then also HC quality glass. Oh yeah. Oh, we got a couple things Greek glass. Oh, damn it. I left the Greek at my house, but it's only. It's three bongs and a couple bowls. And I think just like bowls and bangers to go with them. And there's like a grinder or something.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker B: Straight up, let me run the truck. Run the truck. Yeah. All right. What the hell? Communication email.
Speaker A: PM special ca.
Speaker B: Damn. Why can't I.
Speaker A: This is weird.
Speaker B: Tell me if you can see this. I just text message you it.
Speaker A: Did you. Did you. Oh, you got that? It'll let you see it. Well, I don't know, because I. I.
Speaker B: Was having a hard time with that. But you probably don't have the GitHub.
Speaker A: App, so I wonder if you could just, like, copy off of there, like so you see?
Speaker B: Okay, so all I'm saying is.
Speaker A: So I look at the thing, and.
Speaker B: Then it's got a message, and then either send that or change it or whatever, but that.
Speaker A: But only part of that document is the message.
Speaker B: Some of it's other. That has nothing to do.
Speaker A: So don't send that.
Speaker B: All right, Gilbert, well, I'll see you in 36 minutes.
Speaker A: All right.
